Tim Sackton: Okay.
you
Tim Sackton: stop oops. That's too bad.
Tim Sackton: We begin
Tim Sackton: on the skyship. Vindras Jarna, hovering above the rocky foothills of Central Siberia.
Tim Sackton: As the ship begins to drift into the sky, heading south for the Alvin kingdom of Orinloss. An old dwarf sits in his cabin writing at a small desk in a cramped, dwarven rooms
Tim Sackton: for Barkhom. 5, 5, 8, one, he writes. my first adventure in more than a decade succeeded beyond my wildest imagination. That seeker fellow sure knows how to pick his friends.
Tim Sackton: I was not sure what to think. When I first met them. They seemed rather prone to excessive chatter and terminal indecision, as afraid it would be like being back on my travels with Lyell and her friends. So much time sitting around debating, so little time doing.
Tim Sackton: although I guess it wasn't one of those rambling discourings that she told me about the idea of echoes. In the first place. once we got moving, I couldn't help but wonder at the powerful oddities they carried, and their skill at using them.
Tim Sackton: A folding boat, I'm seeing, sure, but a mirror that reveals the history of things. That was a sight. and all secrets. Friends proved quite adept at battle. I think I would have been drowned by water elementals if they had not left to my defense.
Tim Sackton: bow and flight. To fly again! It was nothing like the flying carpet we borrowed back in the day.
Tim Sackton: Be able to think and just go, or you wish truly something else. Somehow the face step-step trick I learned from Bleario
Tim Sackton: feels cheap in comparison. Now.
Tim Sackton: of course, my goal was to make my deal pebble, peep, fly, and I can't believe how successful I was
Tim Sackton: surprised even myself sometimes. Aha!
Tim Sackton: All that hard work outfitting this ship. Oh, this ship! I wonder if they'd let me stay, or maybe even let me fly. It someday
Tim Sackton: was well worth at me. I'll be hard going back to life in Tolin. After this.
Tim Sackton: as the dwarf pauses in his writing and
Tim Sackton: the ship turns to begin its 24 h journey to, or unless where you will stop to deliver messages from Ellen Deer and hopefully find somebody who remembers the ancient history of Drankour in Apalia that might know something of how to fight him.
Tim Sackton: You think back to your vision in the mirror last night.
Tim Sackton: So. remembering the scene where you. before packing up. held the mirror up to this now inert forge.
Tim Sackton: watching to see its history and what had been created. Here the mirror fades.
Tim Sackton: and you see
Tim Sackton: a scene, the forge now brightly lit.
Tim Sackton: These 4 silvery lightning. wiry threads taunt and vibrating with energy as a woman
Tim Sackton: approaches the same woman, you saw the the
Tim Sackton: program delusion. the presumably the
Tim Sackton: Cotalita Meige, who ran this place towards the end of its time.
Tim Sackton: and she is carrying what looks like a suit of chain mail.
Tim Sackton: Well, she's not carrying it. It's floating in front of her as if my telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: the chain mail is
Tim Sackton: burnished golds
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: shining sort of copper mixed in with the steel of the lynx itself. and as she lays it down on the on the forge
Tim Sackton: she takes what looks like
Tim Sackton:  It looks like just a piece of
Tim Sackton: stone, dark sort of
Tim Sackton: crumbly stone.
Tim Sackton: She's holding it very carefully, and she picks it up and then
Tim Sackton: puts it sort of in the sky. And and is it by magic?
Tim Sackton: For sure, by magic it floats to above the
Tim Sackton:  above the the chain, and then it, as thumb force crushes that
Tim Sackton: a spray of lava bursts out from the stone. coating the chain mail and being absorbed into it.
Tim Sackton: and as those happens, you can see
Tim Sackton: what look like
Tim Sackton: little twists and whirls of smoke rising off, almost forming humanoid shapes. As the
Tim Sackton: as the lava is absorbed into the metal.
Tim Sackton: and then the image shifts again. and you see a different person.
Tim Sackton: a man this time older, long sort of graying beard, unkempt. graying hair.
Tim Sackton: serious eyes, walks carefully with a staff in dark robes trimmed with gold, very elegant clothing.
Tim Sackton: He's carrying in front of him a small vial
Tim Sackton:  swirling with what looks like molten gold.
Tim Sackton: and as he puts it down
Tim Sackton: it's bubbling and hissing. As he puts it down on the forge.
Tim Sackton: he sort of closes his eye for for a moment, and draws out with a pair of
Tim Sackton: Fine silver tweezers a
Tim Sackton: tail of a gold dragon.
Tim Sackton: He takes it, he drops it into the vile.
Tim Sackton: and with a burst of
Tim Sackton: silvery energy.
Tim Sackton: The scale is consumed.
Tim Sackton: and this, like smoke and light, shoots out into the vial, and he quickly goes and puts a cap on it and picks it up.
Tim Sackton: and then the image shifts again.
Tim Sackton: and you see a young man
Tim Sackton: a in his twenties.
Tim Sackton:  red hair tied back like relatively short, but like tied back in a in a
Tim Sackton: top. Not
Tim Sackton: I'm wearing
Tim Sackton: what looks like
it. It reminds you of most of Taoist armor. It's like
Tim Sackton: it's like chain mail, but it's it's light, it's flexible. It's almost hidden underneath
Tim Sackton: silk clothes, some sort of extremely precious or fancy metal.
Tim Sackton: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: walks carrying
Tim Sackton: a silver ring that looks like it's made of twist, almost of twisting
Tim Sackton: clouds. It's like sort of a puffy shape that's looped around onto itself.
Tim Sackton: and as he picks it up. He! He puts it down on the
Tim Sackton: on the the forge.
Tim Sackton: and he leaves for a moment, and he he comes back with a vial
Tim Sackton: a fairly big vial that's Stoppard. And as he's holding it you can see that the vial is shaking
Tim Sackton: like it requires real effort to hold that. and as he approaches the the ring on the forge she begins this incantation. and then he pulls out this the stopper, and
Tim Sackton: almost like, takes a deep breath and and puts the the shaking. The the vial is empty, there's nothing in it, but he puts it up to his mouth and breathes in, and he then
Tim Sackton: turns to the ring, and he breathes out, and this massive gust of wind
Tim Sackton: blows out with his breath, swirling around strong enough to lift the ring up and hold it in the air just from the power of his breath as it slowly twirls around.
Tim Sackton: and a vortex begins to form around the ring around the ring, and until it collapses in on the ring, and
Tim Sackton: it falls with a clunk down on the
Tim Sackton: How are you on the forge, and then he picks it up and slips it on his finger with a gleam of pleasure in his eye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry for for any of these. Do we recognize any of these people?
Tim Sackton: No?
Tim Sackton: Well, you recognize the first, the first woman.
Tim Sackton: She was the one right right. But though
Tim Sackton: the the spy woman. And what had the program delusion of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting? Do we have any sense as the people like like, what era or like? Are there anything kind of about what they're hearing, or anything that gives you any indication of any of this was
Mike Sackton: friends. All, I mean, I mean
Tim Sackton: drankorian. The styles aren't changing that much. You don't get the sense that this is like 500 years apart. Right?
Tim Sackton: This is all, all, probably all within
Tim Sackton: 150 years. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: but it's hard to say exactly.
Mike Sackton: but we know this was all
Mike Sackton: Gregor. I mean, the forge was no longer running
Mike Sackton: posts
Mike Sackton: drank or right.
Tim Sackton: yeah. And the mirror usually goes.
Tim Sackton: most recent delete like it almost always. Yeah. Shows you the
Tim Sackton: either the most recent, and then to the least recent or the least recent to the most recent right? So the fact that you saw the woman
Tim Sackton: first suggests that everything else was older.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? I think that's how I've usually run it as it goes backwards in time. You have usually done it going backwards. Yes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: man, what was he making with that gold and the dragon scale.
Eric Rosenbaum: because these are like so similar recipes to what baldric did for us. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Is there a third? We're about to hear
Tim Sackton: you heard 3
Mike Sackton: the chain mail of the chain. Now, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I forgot about the chain potion with the driver. I forgot about the chainmail. I forgot about the chain. It was a potion, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: once it was like elemental air being infused into a ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mix storms, or blow wind or something.
Mike Sackton: The ring seems like a good one to hunt down. Do we have enough?
Mike Sackton: I mean, presumably we saw fairly detailed.
Tim Sackton: You would definitely recognize any of these things if you saw it again.
Mike Sackton: But like, can we like
Mike Sackton: write notes? And I don't know. Record some stuff in game about who the people were and what they did on the theory that
Mike Sackton: at some point we're gonna when we sort of get to the middle section of our side quests notebook like we're gonna like, go hunt, try and find down legends of some
Mike Sackton: guy who can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: control the wind with a ring. I think I think the first immediate thing that we do is after we like. after having watched all this. And if there's another one Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should contact our, we should contact our network of researchers and immediately start showing it like we have a whole.
Mike Sackton: That is a good question for the philosopher's guilt.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can also just think with our own brands a little bit for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know about
Eric Rosenbaum: Golden Dragon scales? What's likely to be that that's likely to be one of Shamut's, you know, like, Sh when Shamut died, like there were 7 baby dragons, or whatever
Eric Rosenbaum: were they? Different colors?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it can't be when it can't be one of the. It's it predates. This is well before, but also a potion is most likely to have been used
Eric Rosenbaum: right like. That's true. It's probably gone now. The chain mail might still exist. We have no idea. Lava creatures coming out of it, or something. What? What did that make? Armor dude? It's crazy, little fire! Oh, little tiny fire creatures come out of it and defend you or something. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so so II think I think this is we. We definitely reach out to our network like like, what is our? What is our little like kind of decentralized research laboratory that we have? We've got the monks like my homies in Tokra, right? Like those those monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we use bastion rules for this? Like to have like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: corresponding research library on the ship where we're always just like sending out little messages. And II think this is I think this is yes, like absolutely. I'm sure you could convince a librarian to come join you right.
Eric Rosenbaum: This this is essential. It's built our wide web, you know. Multiverse, wide web, I guess. Technically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. But but I think I think just to structure it better. Right? Like on the ship, we develop like a little, you know, a communication methodology. or how we, you know, cause like right now, we do the thing where it's like bellwether will will us will scry, or whatever. And then, sitting there will then sit like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we just gotta figure out a slightly more like, yeah, like less manual, more automated, like, way to like, get information around. But we've got like between.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is it because who are the other guys that we have in Tokra right? There's like that librarian guy that's helping us in the
Tim Sackton: well, there's the toga as your best is your main center, although. Remember that
Tim Sackton: there was just a giant battle in Tokra between Surat.
Tim Sackton: sir, on one side and Chartin and Karnos on the other. Yeah, it's like 2 weeks ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck
Eric Rosenbaum: telecom might not be quite as useful. How that turned out
Tim Sackton: there are one
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good, I guess. I mean. Well, I don't remember this is that, wasn't it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was just dropped in the intro of something. Yeah. Oh, my God, you scribe! It was just scrying information. It wasn't anything. Oh, but we should talk to Sarah with our settings done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you could. You can actually talk to her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: black. Okay, okay?
Tim Sackton: But yes, you've got that you've got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Govier at the archives in Togra. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you've got Cassie.
Eric Rosenbaum: the librarian at the monastery, and our work friend in Chardon.
Tim Sackton: your dwarf friend, is
Tim Sackton:  he might not do too many more favors for you. He's not. He wasn't really a friend, I mean he was a friend, but
Tim Sackton: wasn't too happy about being scryed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your name's kind of mud and chart. And
Eric Rosenbaum: who's our who's our connect in the philosopher still?
Delios
Eric Rosenbaum: Ilios the elder or the sage.
Mike Sackton: I mean. The Philosopher's Guild seems like really promising.
Eric Rosenbaum: They they know
Eric Rosenbaum: way more than anybody else. Speaking at the Philosopher's Guild.
Tim Sackton: As you return to the ship.
Tim Sackton: you see a paper bird
Eric Rosenbaum: again
Tim Sackton: flying towards seeker. grabs it out of the air and begins to read. You would like to do the honors, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Have that in the
Eric Rosenbaum: now let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: so so seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: raises out a hand, knowing now what the paper bird represents, and plans on his hand, and unrolls, and his eyes quickly scan over it and widen.
Eric Rosenbaum: He sort of like tilts, his head looking puzzled at various times. you probably want to know what this is about. Whew! Think it was the mage, the the mace of terror! We gave them
Eric Rosenbaum: to look at the binding stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: dear seeker, and couldn't command. So and so far as your gift was of much interest.
Eric Rosenbaum: it is unusual to recover powerful weapons. Blessed by the Warlord.
Eric Rosenbaum: who?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's that? Referring to that mace of terror that we had, we gave them. For this
Mike Sackton: the mace of the Mace of terror was, we stole from Fausto.
Mike Sackton: The War Ward is one of the 8 divines of
Eric Rosenbaum:  Moss Newman at that
Eric Rosenbaum: the Chardonnian religion also? Well, that makes sense, because on the magic of the divine is the most challenging to unravel in the most mysterious to us. We've endeavored to provide a worthwhile value for such gift, which is good because we really wanted to know what these binding stones were about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stones you speak of, known as the binding stones of Amloch are a unique item. From what we've been able to learn. They are also an ancient item created more and 3,000 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: before the downfall in the land of Hakara.
Eric Rosenbaum: whose downfall would that be? Historically, the downfall of a car, I suppose.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: is that like the first god and shit? Or is that like the car was the first humans? Yeah. Car was with the humans, the human homeland that that the people who fled the Downville car found a drink? Or
Eric Rosenbaum: how did they come to be in the possession of a wizard of Drankhor in the later days of Drankhoran Empire. We know not, at least not yet not without another gift to entice our curiosity. I'm going to pause reading here for a moment, just to marvel at
Eric Rosenbaum: the very strange fact of these philosophers access to seemingly
Eric Rosenbaum: inaccessible knowledge
Eric Rosenbaum: only if we give them the most powerful of items. Where is the knowledge coming from? Who actually knows all this?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they in league with someone else?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, this is, it's those are very good questions. Seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker gets out his own
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: the notebook to scribble down a little bit as you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nonetheless, I'll continue here.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Much can be learned from the story of their origins. When the binding stones of Amloch were created. The world was young and rich in belief and magic. A cult known as
Eric Rosenbaum: the chain shroud.
Eric Rosenbaum: change, shroud
Eric Rosenbaum: arose in those days, preaching slavery and dominion over their kin, growing in power. Thanks to
Eric Rosenbaum: Sarcoten.
Eric Rosenbaum: the god of evil, of slavery and domination. summoned into being by the strength of their devotion to their own
superiority.
Eric Rosenbaum: the chain shroud was defeated at great cost, and Sarkon imprisoned, cut off from Telgar forever preventing divine power from being used in the aid of slavery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting?
Eric Rosenbaum: It is no simple matter to imprison a god. An extra Planar prison was constructed, an entire plain, where Sarkon and the souls of slavers could torment each other for eternity
Eric Rosenbaum: forever unable to influence the material plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: The creation of a new plane is a powerful event.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the wizard Amlok was waiting. He captured some of the energy of the prison dimension and fucked stones which you now possess. Afterward Amloch became of the stones, and there are many tales of his exploits that hint of the power of the stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would like to know those tales
Eric Rosenbaum: most famous tell the stories of true imprisonment when all 5 stones are combined to permanently bind a creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Agreedelius has already spoken to you of this power.
Eric Rosenbaum:  this is how we have the stone giant guy. Yeah, all 5. Yeah. All 5 are used to bind him right? Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: also famous are the tales of Amlok's many servants among the exploit extra planar powers, elementals, fiends, Fay, even celestials.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goodness. We believe that he used the stones to bind these creatures to his service.
Eric Rosenbaum: using different combinations of stones for different types of creatures. How interesting!
Eric Rosenbaum: We believe that within the power of the stones is also the ability to temporarily entrap planar, extra planar creatures. Each resonance of extra Planar creature and form of binding must be connected to a particular combination of stones. Just as I suspected.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we do not yet fully understand the key, and it is difficult to learn without experimentation with the item itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good thing! That is just what we intend to do, but we include some notes on a harpoon hypotheses. Finally, it is said that Amlk was a master of traps
Eric Rosenbaum: and snares, which we believe in part to be the result of the magic of these stones. Traps and snares
Eric Rosenbaum: wound.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, no, go ahead. no, that's most of it's
Mike Sackton: there wasn't an actual story of any of his exploits in there, was there?
Eric Rosenbaum: There? There is a bit more to the letter
Eric Rosenbaum:  the item is risk effects. That's not that important
Mike Sackton: Is that the part where it says the item, as is quite dangerous to use and could potentially cause
Mike Sackton: problems for the user.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems extremely unlikely. I surely they're simply warning us that of hypothetical possibilities about the wrong combination of stones, which I promise not to combine them in, may very well risk effects who don't attend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Summoning, summoning a servant of the creature you wish to bind, for example, or creating a brief reflection of the homeland of the creature you wish to affect. Experimentation is dangerous. Oh, come on, and you must proceed cautiously, lest you accidentally create an infinitely deep pool of water elemental. You wish to bind, to taunt you from, instead of a magic circle, trapping it
Eric Rosenbaum: that seems completely
Eric Rosenbaum: plausible and likely implausible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. something to watch out for, I suppose I'm grateful to these philosophers for their
diligence. Shall we say?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. So your do you mind just for for us less
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magically inclined? Can you just translate a little bit? Summarize? What's your synthesis of this message.
Eric Rosenbaum:  here
Eric Rosenbaum: it's
Eric Rosenbaum: the stones are very powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here are some possible ill effects.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: The list of ill effects are examples
Eric Rosenbaum: suggesting to me that they are a bit unpredictable. but they are some whitstones.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's the 5 stones, and they're used in combination to create different effects. That's the big picture that this letter is telling us. There's a a bit more about each of the stones, which is quite interesting on this next page. But.
Eric Rosenbaum:  The first part of the letter to describe that there are different ways to use them, to
Eric Rosenbaum: find. trap. imprison.
Eric Rosenbaum: etc., extra planar creatures, but that
Eric Rosenbaum: also we might accidentally
Eric Rosenbaum: summon them, summon a servant of such a creature, or create a grief
Eric Rosenbaum: representation of. for example, the plane of fire. If we're sending them fire elemental in our world. It does sound a bit unpleasant, actually, now that I think about it. an infinitely deep pool of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, yeah, that you might want to be sorry we're in possession of these stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are the binding stones. Yeah, these are the chrome. Yeah, I mean
Mike Sackton: the magic item that was used to bind Taraga. So okay?
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, we didn't. Fausto wait. Did Fasto have the? He didn't have these right now. I can't remember. You took them from Fastow.
I'm feeling quite
Mike Sackton: happy that we got these from Fausto.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed they are. They do seem quite powerful.
Mike Sackton: The the trade
Mike Sackton: to let him crash Talgar into pandemonium seems maybe not as uneven as I thought.
That's an interesting point.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's at least more even than we realize. Yeah. So
Eric Rosenbaum: the letter is that's interesting, signed at the ninth Artificer. on behalf of the ancient and honorable Guild of Philosophers. So it refers to Dilios. The one we spoke with
Eric Rosenbaum: suggesting, this is someone else.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is an artificer?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know any?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, it's a it's a a magical. It's the I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a Guy's
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't really help us see how they'd get access to things that literally no one else could possibly know.
Mike Sackton: No
Eric Rosenbaum:  So on this page,
Eric Rosenbaum: little bit more detail about each stone. How lovely we've given names to each done, based on our research and our whim for ease of communication.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are 5. As you know, a mirror stone, silvery, silvery, highly reflective stone seems associated with reflecting, mirroring energy
Eric Rosenbaum: seems relevant to some of Kenzo's earlier ideas about bouncing the rainbow gringe around the Chaos Stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: a street stone of swirling colors that seem to shift when you're not looking at it primarily. Reds, blues, whites, and browns, perhaps associated with disorder chaos, or raw elemental energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: At this point
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker has brought the stones out up out of a little pouch. I know we probably keep them in the
pole inside.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, probably. Yeah, although now with the ship, you probably have started to move some stuff out of the hole.
Tim Sackton: But the binding stones. Obviously, now that we really know a little more about them there, those I think you might keep in the hole
Eric Rosenbaum: there to keep protected. So that's the chaos stone. The Echo stone is a pure, white, opaque stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: The odd optical effect that it seems to contain echoes or reflections of itself, perhaps associated with the fey wilde, or with duplications and echoes. The Angerstone is harsh.
Eric Rosenbaum: jagged, and reddish color, fire, and blood. holding it too long, loads leads to a grug sense of unease that turns to anger and rage, probably associated with fiends. and last, the piece. So Peace Stone, a smooth golden stone
Eric Rosenbaum: with a single brilliant white line around the diameter of the middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: holding it gives you a sense of peace and calmness
Eric Rosenbaum: probably associated with the divine simple traps.
Eric Rosenbaum: we guess, can be cast using any of the stones. More complex bindings require combinations.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 and 3
Eric Rosenbaum: seems that anger and peace are opposed. Chaos and echo are opposed. But the role of the mirror stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not too clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's also not clear to me how these 5 relate
Eric Rosenbaum: elements, or to some other way of dividing up the powers of the world doesn't sound like the I mean mirror. We know there's a mirror realm. Yeah, Echo, we've heard of echo realms
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed!
Mike Sackton: Chaos pandemodium
Eric Rosenbaum: right? But then anger and peace at the other ones.
Mike Sackton: That's a little harder to map.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't. I? Maybe they don't map the planes at all right. But
Eric Rosenbaum: well, another thing we can infer is that this, that mace of terror was big deal for them to tell us all of this compared to what they told us about other things. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also that these binding stems are. what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did you show the mirror? The matting sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just wondering we should. We never have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that next? Stop? 7 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what's the question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, they've been used clearly. Find the stone giant. But what the fuck also have they been used for?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, well, we know that this wizard. who became known as Amlk of the Stones, used them for
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps, like hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: I'd be more curious how they got
Mike Sackton: drink, or how did Edomis get them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Mike Sackton: but maybe maybe some examples.
Eric Rosenbaum: wasn't he?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go!
Eric Rosenbaum: No, he was from, he predated, drank, or by thousands of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Right? Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The stones were made like 2,000 years before drank, drank, or was even fabled.
Eric Rosenbaum: The philosophers suggest that they could find out for us how?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, if we give them another artifact like the Mason terror. Yeah, which we may not have
Mike Sackton: if any other good magic items that we don't want. I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: who would know these things. Yeah, dragons
Eric Rosenbaum: are the philosophers in the service of a dragon.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: ancient extra planner creatures. maybe, like
Mike Sackton: very old Fay.
Eric Rosenbaum: do dragons travel between planes?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody knows. Nobody knows what's the relationship between dragons, and say
Tim Sackton: so like, long, long ago, before any humans, or dwarves or elves or anything was created. there weren't any other planes. There was just Talgar
Tim Sackton: and the drag, the dragons, the Arch, Fay, the elementals, and the
Tim Sackton: heightens, the giants, all kind of like, did weird magic.
Tim Sackton: There was probably all sorts of crazy politics between them.
Tim Sackton: But then
Tim Sackton: planes were all pulled apart.
Tim Sackton: and all the most powerful, like the dragons that exist on Tugar now are not anywhere close to, as powerful as like the
Tim Sackton: ancient great worms that used it. Trapeze around like Shamat was like one of the
Tim Sackton: ancient greatworms.
Tim Sackton: Who knows what the those like crazy, ancient, great worms
Mike Sackton: we're gonna still be doing these days? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: And and what's in Tollen
Eric Rosenbaum: that those philosophers need to be there
Eric Rosenbaum: or nearby, I mean, who knew
Tim Sackton: doesn't have to be dragons, although certainly a reasonable hypothesis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also like he's tall and like a front
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a, you know, like a like a
Eric Rosenbaum: right. That's that's just where they choose to have their little right landing pad in this plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: III like where you're going with this secret. It's like shifting the main quest into just unraveling the secrets of the Philosophers guild like, I kinda I like this, I like this this side quest, main quest direction. We should definitely add that to the the list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, Kong, now we're approaching when I need your answer to my question. Oh, shit!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But should we just pause and give you a minute to do that?
Tim Sackton: Well, let's so
Eric Rosenbaum: cause we might get Schwartz pretty soon. Yeah, hopefully, we'll get shorts pretty soon.
Tim Sackton: But let's as you're having this conversation. You're also flying.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna you in chat, Tim, give me a second. Yeah, perfect
Tim Sackton: and you also. Now.
Tim Sackton: after 6 weeks of practice and having spent time with the ship.
Tim Sackton: it's easier to control.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so you don't need to be constantly
Tim Sackton: switching attunement. You can keep it moving in a constant direction and speed even when you're sleeping.
Tim Sackton: So you, even when you're asleep you don't. It doesn't require concentration to keep it moving anymore, only to steer. And, you know, enter combat maneuvers and things like that.
Tim Sackton: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we could fly 24 HA day.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, both
Tim Sackton: kenzo and seeker now are
Tim Sackton: skilled at operating Vindastarna, and can
Tim Sackton: maintain steady flight on a straight course essentially indefinitely. Even when you're sleeping, doing other stuff, concentrating on other spells.
Tim Sackton: It's only when you
Tim Sackton: are trying to like do delicate things like land or
Tim Sackton:  See from any point in the ship the advanced sensing all of those things that that, you need to sort of focus on the ship itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can we do one tiny vignette about the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, at some point
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shortly after waking over breakfast
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers like
Eric Rosenbaum: the star on the wind. That's what it means, you know Vindor's Jarna. I wonder if it's meant to light up?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would it be called that, anyway? The star on the wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's things about this ship that we have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have. We saw the nerve to the ship, to the moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting question, Kenzo. I don't think that we have. It's a bit big to fit into the, you know Frame, but perhaps we could arrange it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would just land the ship, and then we hit the mirror and point of that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like, I like this idea. What? And what would we ask? Because surely the ship has a long history, but it would be very interesting to know what it looked like even in its heyday, as we renovate it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Woohoo!
Eric Rosenbaum: And who operated it, and what exploits it had, and what capabilities it came to use. How it was flown!
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that you mention it. that's a that
Eric Rosenbaum: seems even more urgent than the the binding stones are a long-term research project.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's true. We don't have an obvious use for them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we needed them to to re retrap a polyon.
Mike Sackton: Ha! I think that's where we're headed, Kenzo. We shouldn't think that that's the case. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: or it seems plausible. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: it didn't. Yeah, we should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or gross.
Mike Sackton: No, no, we kill Grosch.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just parked the ship on top of Garch.
Mike Sackton: That's what the ice storm is for rain ice on him.
Mike Sackton: although we haven't quite figured out how to kill somebody with a ring of undying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what does that do again?
Mike Sackton: We're not totally sure he can create undead. But we don't. Do. We know if it keeps him from dying? I'm not sure if we know I mean, the safe thing to do is to just take the ring away. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean not to be, too, you know, or the rings, but you can cut off his hand.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: after a day of flying.
Tim Sackton: flying through the evening over the mountains that separate the Semian peninsula from the forest of Orange.
Tim Sackton: you pass over the mountains, and then begin to descend, and you can see there's a large lake.
Tim Sackton: and on the southern shores of the lake there's a massive forest stretching maybe
Tim Sackton: a hundred, 50 miles east-west and 80 miles north to south, but it's shrouded entirely in mist.
Tim Sackton: There's clouds that float just at the tops of the trees at the level of the canopy.
Tim Sackton: You can't see any clear
Tim Sackton: entranceways. There's no like from the air, right? There's not like a big clearing where you can land a ship.
Tim Sackton: There's no obvious
Tim Sackton:  cause it's it's almost like approaching
Tim Sackton: a cloud from above, and you can see every now and then there's like very tall trees. but are sticking out from the edge of the clouds.
Tim Sackton: and this is clearly not a natural fog, because on the
Tim Sackton:  on the eastern edge of the
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: woods the opposite side. So this is television coming from the mountains high up. So you can see, like, you know, a good 100 miles 150 miles
Tim Sackton: in all directions that you're coming down.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: there are plenty of. II mean, you can see the mountains descend into foot hills, sort of rolling hills, with patches of forest and plenty of clearings, and rushing brooks that
Tim Sackton: flow down into this massive lake.
Tim Sackton: You could certainly land on the edge of the forest.
Mike Sackton: did we? We weren't given any instructions about like how to go to Arnold, for we
Tim Sackton: no, not particularly like Valentir, told us to go visit. Did he like not? I mean, he said. He said,
Tim Sackton: the the forest will not turn
Tim Sackton: you away. If you're with Delwick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Side question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. What's his name? The dwarf with us?
Mike Sackton: Frankee Francois Paul Drake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bye bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wanted to use the forge
Tim Sackton: with the the Phoenix tail thing to make. What? What would he make versus Stone Bird? Do you think his stone bird pebble people as you've been as you've been traveling like, you see, this bird is like flying around his head. It like goes and flies.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, awesome. A little bit off the ship and coming back every now and then. It'll like
Tim Sackton: cough slightly in this, like little
Tim Sackton: swirl of smoke, will come out of its beak.
Tim Sackton: Spend most of his time like paying attention to his burden, not action, mostly ignoring you at the moment. Actually. We have all of our. We have our ice thing in our
Mike Sackton: Planar bridge. Right? Yep, we. We should test those somehow. We should use the Rainbow Bridge to go to Ornwith.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Well, what's the okay? So it's
Eric Rosenbaum: is the fog, like in the center of something
Mike Sackton: like, there's the edges. And then there's like a middle. Is that, did I understand that correctly?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And the middle is like where the big trees are, and it's all foggy and misty, and you can't really see in.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, the whole forest is.
Tim Sackton: There's like a hundred 100 by 100
100 mile forest
Tim Sackton: that's just covered in this misty fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it possible that
Eric Rosenbaum: the am I trying to say bells actually live on a different plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why they're so elusive. They're like in the forest, but not in the forest or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or are they here but just hidden?
Mike Sackton: I mean. This is.
Mike Sackton: this is a remnant of like the
Mike Sackton: old Alvin kingdom, right? So like, who knows?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because
Eric Rosenbaum: we could it? It seems impolite. Actually, we could use the Rainbow Bridge to travel to a plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I think we want to be invited there by these elves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't think we need to travel completely. We just have to make ourselves our presence known like, I'm elvishly
Eric Rosenbaum: idiomatic way.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, you're in person from Melinda with you. Just
Mike Sackton: walk into the forest right? But I'm just saying, lead you to the city. But let's just let's just land, I mean, why not try out the Rainbow Bridge not to like. Try to bypass the pass or the but
Eric Rosenbaum: just go to the front door.
Mike Sackton: We could just use it to get from the ship. Yeah, to Park thoughtfully. Exactly. That's what I mean, right? Like it doesn't. It's just 12 miles. We can park 2 miles up in the sky, right? Or whatever. Are you not worried that this is like, you know, gonna be too ostentatious of of an entrance?
Mike Sackton: No, I'm not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, just to be clear. We can't Rainbow Ridge ourselves back to the ship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we didn't take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bridge lasts. Yeah. We just walk around disappear. It's a bridge, it appears it just sits there so we can go back within 24 h.
Mike Sackton: But can we also take the thing with us? You could also take it with you. Yes, and then the bridge is still there, right? But when it recharges in 24 h we could then make another.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Okay.
Mike Sackton: why wouldn't we do that
Mike Sackton: like? Do we have shutdown procedures for the ship, like, you know, take the keys and lock the doors, and like I mean, you don't really need a key, because nobody can. As long as either seeker or Kenzo is attuned to the nobody else. Nobody else can attune to it, so nobody can do anything with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, they could steal your cold chest or something. But oh, the bridge lasts for a week. Actually, yeah. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then is the bridge, so that this mechanism isn't really tied to the ship itself at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, one end of the bridge is always the ship. Right? It is. Okay. Yeah. Inside. Good. That clarifies.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So let's you know.
Mike Sackton: yeah. So we're we're we're
Eric Rosenbaum: looking for absolutely.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like, somewhere sensible to bridge down to
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm. We'll park like a mile above the, and it's got mile up above the lake. or whatever our cruising altitude usually is. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: probably like a mile, and you probably wouldn't want to get
Eric Rosenbaum: or 2 miles. That's 10,000 feet. That'd be pretty cold at 10,000 feet.
Tim Sackton: 5,000 feet is probably pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: and then
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll say, Okay, Frederick, let's try this thing out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quite anxious to see
Eric Rosenbaum: it literally gonna look like a rainbow. I'm so curious, puts his hand on the fine hollow sphere made of wires, inside of which the shimmering
Eric Rosenbaum: crystal prism is mounted. and looks down to the shore where  deal with. Where do you think we should
Eric Rosenbaum: set off? Do you see any particularly good spot down there? Do I see a particularly good spot. I mean, you can't really see much of anything, because it's all coded in mist and fog, right? So the whole point you can't actually see the forest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so that means we can't then bridge down there because we can't see. I mean, there's you could go to the edge right like
Tim Sackton: the lakeshore. Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, a spot that at least looks like, you know, a little rocky beach
Tim Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And I take a breath and
Tim Sackton: hold this, hold the prism and point so as you do, though you can. You see the the prism inside the sphere sort of spin a little bit, and as it does suddenly it locks into place, and this literally looks like a rainbow bridge shoots out from the prism.
Tim Sackton: and as it does, you can well, whoever is attuned to the ship, which I guess is seeker. It's almost as if your vision is traveling with the end of this bridges over the course of about
Tim Sackton: 10 s it or 20 s, it shoots out. And now you can. You have this weird, you know, tunnel vision sensation. Where you can see
Tim Sackton: the shore of the lake, where the bridge is ending up, and the rest of you see, like this rainbow tracing through the sky. But as you walk towards it like you, you put your foot on it. It's doesn't look like solid ground at all. It looks like light, but when you stand on it
Tim Sackton: it's actually quite solid.
So
Eric Rosenbaum: as the as the rainbow shoots out of the prism, you seekers eyes closed, and he's kind of tips backwards for a second
Eric Rosenbaum: as it
Eric Rosenbaum: shoots down to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Kenza starts to like kinda gets to like the edge of where the edge of the Rainbow bridge, and it sort of like plays around with like running on top of it, and then also like going on the side and then running underneath it like sort of like Spider man, just to kinda see like what it feels like on either side.
Tim Sackton: As soon as you step onto it.
Tim Sackton: Like the very next step you take. you're suddenly on the
Eric Rosenbaum: on the shore of the lake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanted to run on the underside of the Rainbow Bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See what that was like.
Tim Sackton: So you all find yourself standing
Tim Sackton: at the entrance to this forest. You can now see as as dull with steps off the bridge.
Tim Sackton: A path begins to open up in the trees in front of you. Behind you you can hear the sort of gentle lapping of the
Tim Sackton: of the small waves on this deep cold lake.
Tim Sackton: On this rocky sort of pebble beach behind you and
Tim Sackton: looking into the forest you can see this path. Leading ahead into the mist.
Tim Sackton:  The
Tim Sackton: trail itself. Kind of marked by these almost like ethereal, shimmering, glowing
Tim Sackton: leaves in the distance that beckoning you in.
Tim Sackton: and as you
Tim Sackton: step forward, presumably all following
Tim Sackton: and enter into the forest itself, you can
Tim Sackton: feel how ancient a place this is some of the magical energy of
Tim Sackton: you know, before humans even existed from the days of creation thousands of years ago, still resonates here, and
Mike Sackton: and as you step like within. Hold on! Just before we step in. That was just sort of pauses for a minute, and like
Mike Sackton: he kind of fingers the earring he wears. He looks thoughtful, and like a little bit
Mike Sackton: like he's. He takes a deep breath and kind of looks like he's gathering his
Mike Sackton: emotions.
Mike Sackton: and then he kind of after about a minute, he like he whispers something like under his breath that you can't hear. But then, like after a minute.
Mike Sackton: kind of beckons. You guys told everybody to follow him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before all this is happening to Tim. Kenzo commutes with nature.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum:  yes.
Tim Sackton: So cancer takes a minute as everybody's gathering their stuff and getting ready to sort of lean on his staff, and and you reach your mind out.
Tim Sackton: and as you do so.
Tim Sackton: All all around, not in the direction of the forest, but like in the direction of the lake, up into the mountains and things.
Tim Sackton: You know you. This is
Tim Sackton: this is I mean, this place where you are is almost almost directly right on the border of the plague lands, like, you know, a few 100 miles southwest of here is like most massive burnt forest that's and then isn't gay and and beyond. But somehow here this water is pure and clean. The the trees on the slopes of the mountains
Tim Sackton: is, you know, are happy and and
Tim Sackton: healthy. You don't get any sense at all of the sort of corruption, or whatever the sort of
Tim Sackton:  essence of the of what's happened to the land that marks the plague lands here.
Tim Sackton: But as you
Tim Sackton: as you reach towards the forest itself.
Tim Sackton: The original forest. like
Tim Sackton: the thing that existed before the world, word forest, existed. the land that was created by the steppes of Albanore, the living tree of the Alves.
You
Tim Sackton: you, your mind shies away. and me go
Tim Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saving. Throw the fog will use dice.
II actually don't have anything open if somebody wants to roll d 20 for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see if I have a role to. I have a roll. 20, I'll roll
Mike Sackton: you should. You shouldn't have let me do it, Kong. I roll the 5
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bastards.
Tim Sackton: Is an 8.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, unless unless fucking seeker inspires me with an accurate seekers crouching, looking for
Eric Rosenbaum: rocks in the underbrush. So
Tim Sackton:  For for a moment
Tim Sackton: to see them is Kenzo Dunne Kenzo is.
Tim Sackton: You're blind, Ed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch.
Tim Sackton: and you hear a
Tim Sackton: just a sort of echo in your mind. It lasts just for a moment. It's not so much that you're blind. It's that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like your senses are almost over overloaded. There's too much.
Tim Sackton: And and you hear this, you you feel in your mind this echo of something, saying. you're not ready
Eric Rosenbaum: down nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Let's try that again later.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey, Schwartz, welcome, hey? I'm I'm so so sorry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for being so late, especially cause the thing that I drove my ass all the way down to Boulder to do. My staff members didn't even show up for over in the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But in any case, here I am. Well, if only you had a rainbow bridge which we just used to get yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, we just used it.
Tim Sackton: So I bet we're about to enter aren't lost. The past hour's mostly been
Tim Sackton:  crazy magic items.
Tim Sackton: Seeker got a letter about the binding stones. The forge vision was
Eric Rosenbaum:  a bunch of vision of some weird magic side quests. Main quest side quests. Yeah, that actually shorts you should know an an emerging side quest. Main quest is actually to unravel the history like what the fuck is going on with this philosopher's guild like, who the fuck are these motherfuckers that like know? All really specific arcane shit about like stuff that nobody should know anything about. Working theory is that they're dragons, right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But yeah, the letter was weird. Let's just say that we can. We also agreed to do the ice turret and the rainbow bridge again. Just tantalizing side quest manquest. I think we're, you know. We'll we'll see. We'll see how 10 responds for all this. But yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: now you're entering the forest cool.
Tim Sackton: and you you, as you begin to walk the the mists clear in front of you.  But this feels like a place that is not
Tim Sackton: fully
Tim Sackton: of the material plane. Like as you walk. Somehow the distances seem to change.
Tim Sackton: For the 3 of you who have been in the Fay wild it almost feels like traveling
Tim Sackton: in in the fay, wild and and as you as you do you, you see
Tim Sackton: as you as you begin to walk you you it almost as if you fall into sort of a dream, a reverie.
Tim Sackton: and your feet are just following the path leading into the forest into this Alban kingdom. but as your feet follow the path.
Tim Sackton: your eyes and your mind are wandering, and the
Tim Sackton: mists begin to clear and swirl and take shapes, and you see
Tim Sackton:  as the
Tim Sackton: as the mists coalesce and form
Tim Sackton: you see, first them
Tim Sackton: shifting. and it's almost like, you see, a sort of drifting image of Kenzao meditating
Tim Sackton: but swirling them. Around him are
Tim Sackton: colors and shapes.
Tim Sackton: strange colors, colors that you've never seen before.
Tim Sackton: and then nothing for a moment.
Tim Sackton: and then the mists turning into forms, shifting too fast to say what they are swirling around, and then
Tim Sackton: almost coalescing into points of light that cluster above him. and it seems
Tim Sackton: at peace.
Tim Sackton: and as the you continue to walk in, the mists shift and change.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo begins to fade, but those points of light
Tim Sackton: clustered. Above him
Tim Sackton: don't they hang in the forest?
Tim Sackton: And as you begin continuing to walk
Tim Sackton: towards those points of light.
Tim Sackton: you can see that these are the lights coming from
Tim Sackton:  the lint, the windows of an inn
Tim Sackton: firelight shining from
Tim Sackton: a large
Tim Sackton: bustling place.
Tim Sackton: and the walls peel away as you continue to walk down this path.
Tim Sackton: and the ceiling is painted with this incredible map.
Tim Sackton: the entire world of Talgar. You see
Tim Sackton: the islands, the Vermillion Islands on the far west of the
Tim Sackton: green Sea you see the green sea stretching to Saimia and Tolin and Sambara, and then
Tim Sackton: the mountains of the Sentinel range rising through the middle of the continent
Tim Sackton: you see the lens of the
Tim Sackton:  of the west coast, the forests leading down to the plains of Chartin you see
Tim Sackton: the ocean extending.
extending.
Tim Sackton: and just as you look and see what looks like
Tim Sackton: land. the ceiling breaks up. and you see
Tim Sackton: inside a
Tim Sackton: bustling
Tim Sackton: tavern, halflings, humans, dwarves.
Tim Sackton: even some elves. a Gen.
Tim Sackton: 2 small, strange, dwarf looking creatures, but
Tim Sackton: with fiery beards and copper skin that looks like molten copper, and what I'll be sitting in the middle,
Tim Sackton: telling stories, listening to stories.
Tim Sackton: and the in breaks open, but you can still hear on the on the wind of the mist as you continue to walk, and now you're not sure if it's been
Tim Sackton: 10 min or 10 h.
Tim Sackton: The laughter, the the light of the
Tim Sackton: of the voices begins to shift and
Tim Sackton: change, and turn into the
Tim Sackton: the laughter of dwarven children.
Tim Sackton: and you begin to follow the sound as the path twists and turns.
Tim Sackton: and you see a path leading up to a
Tim Sackton: grandiose but functional palace, with a
Tim Sackton: an observatory with a telescope. Many rooms.
Tim Sackton: I'm all full of
Tim Sackton: strange furniture that seems to move around under the command of a ladder.
Tim Sackton: Children underfoot
Tim Sackton:  And you follow the the ladder as it seems to wave to you
Tim Sackton: and lead you forward.
Tim Sackton: To a a study
Tim Sackton: or seeker is signing. Something looks like copies of a book.
Tim Sackton: He puts one aside and he signs another one picks it up, signs another one.
Tim Sackton: and then looks up as one of the walls of the room begins to turn.
Tim Sackton:  mirror white. You can see through the walls of the room
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: another plane, the plane of air.
Tim Sackton: Get that
Tim Sackton: and seeker kind of looks up and glances
Tim Sackton: through this portal to the elemental plane of air. and his vision
Tim Sackton: zooms through the portal.
Tim Sackton: and you can see
Tim Sackton: Dalwith putting his sword away.
Tim Sackton: standing floating, not really standing on a cloud
Tim Sackton: talking to a gin
Tim Sackton: he looks like he's collected many more of these punchy symbols that
Tim Sackton: decorate his sword and his mail, and
Tim Sackton: as he glances back through the portal at seeker. He then looks in the other direction, and you can see Vindasjarna flying in the plane of air
Tim Sackton: as Dallas, having seemingly solved some
Tim Sackton: problem
Tim Sackton: on the plane of air, flies towards the ship and begins to steer it.
Tim Sackton: and as these scenes finish. you find yourself at a gate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it.
You're
Tim Sackton: you can see beyond the gate.
Tim Sackton:  The city. although faintly, as if through
Tim Sackton: fog. You can't see details. You can just see the looming impression trees and buildings all
Tim Sackton: world together.
Tim Sackton: and striding out from the gate. You can see an elf.
Tim Sackton: a man, maybe. Well, it's almost impossible to tell what age an Alf might be.
Tim Sackton: He is walking purposely towards you. He's wearing
Tim Sackton: like a green silk shirt
Tim Sackton: like tunic that comes to midfield.
Tim Sackton:  not not incredibly fancy, but
Tim Sackton: but well tailored. He has short copper hair.
Tim Sackton: also
Tim Sackton: somewhat copper skin and green eyes.
Tim Sackton: and he walks up, and he looks at you, and he says.
Tim Sackton: greetings.
Tim Sackton: My name is Caretaker Erdine.
Tim Sackton: What can I do for you? What brings you to the city of Ereleon.
Mike Sackton: I'll step forward.
Mike Sackton: introduce myself as dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I always forget the name of the place deal with comes from
Mike Sackton: what is it
Mike Sackton: Hi, Yumara and Yumara. I'll introduce myself as dealt with
Mike Sackton: lately from Animara. But sort of talking to Elfish, I'll introduce the elfish, and I'll then I'll introduce our my companions.
Mike Sackton: Well, you know, and I'll say your names, at least in I don't. Even. What language do I even know what language we talk amongst ourselves that Mari, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amen
Mike Sackton: comments like
Tim Sackton: trade. It's like you totally talk Dunmar Denmari, you all know, and in this part of the world. Not that many people do. So. It's kind of a secret tongue.
Mike Sackton:  do any of you speak elvish, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: like, so I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce. you know. Well, be
Mike Sackton: where all the halfling traveler, you know, Kenzo the Dummari.
Mike Sackton: and so on. Right seeker
Mike Sackton: of high keep high keep. Is that right? Speaker of High? Keep the
Mike Sackton: my dwarfing companion. Yeah, I'll I'll sort of introduce everybody with a
Mike Sackton: and say, sort of translate where the party
Mike Sackton: what I'm saying?
Mike Sackton: And then I will say it is been.
Mike Sackton: I gotta look at your doc of
Mike Sackton: Elven generations. But I have been
Mike Sackton: away from our people
Mike Sackton: since
Mike Sackton: which the 30
Mike Sackton: 6 I forget. I forget how long I dealt with those away, Tim, the 36 layer.
Mike Sackton: So I've been away from our people since the 30 sixth layer, and none of you would probably know what he means by laya  and
Mike Sackton: have come to seek your hospitality.
Mike Sackton: and also we are hoping to
Mike Sackton: seek the wisdom of
Mike Sackton: the elders for some
Mike Sackton: challenges
Mike Sackton: of ancient times that have resurfaced.
Mike Sackton: But hospitality. First, I have not
Mike Sackton: been home for some. Been to a homeland for some time.
Greetings, then you are welcome here.
Tim Sackton: Your
Tim Sackton: Aldenar does not
Tim Sackton: doubt your desires.
Tim Sackton: so come
Tim Sackton: it is.
Tim Sackton: It's been a long time since they welcomed those. None of our kind here, but I'm sure you will be.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure we will make you feel at home as best we can
Tim Sackton: come, and as you step through the gate
Tim Sackton: into the city you can see that. So the city itself is dominated by this
Tim Sackton: massive tree. maybe
Tim Sackton:  600 feet tall, 700 feet tall.  truly enormous tree.
Tim Sackton: But throughout there seems to be. There's like little pockets of gardens. There's it's it's fall, you know. Those winter outside, all the leaves are still on the trees. They've just all changed into oranges and golds and yellows. There's a a scent of
Tim Sackton: apples and cinnamon in the air.
Tim Sackton: And and as you begin to walk, people, you know, there's there's elves milling around. This is like absolutely the most elves any of you, except dealt with have ever seen in one place.
Tim Sackton: There's a like a small little courtyard that you walk through on the other side of the gate as aired, and begins to lead you
Tim Sackton: through to this sort of winding path of the city, and it
Tim Sackton: the the trees and the and the flowers and things. Everything just kind of grows amidst the city. There's no
Tim Sackton: There's no sort of delineation between the buildings and the and the and the woods.
Tim Sackton:  And and there's no there's not like obvious ins or like.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a big Market square or anything like that. Okay.
Tim Sackton: but he leads you to a
Tim Sackton: He! He leads you to a a sort of small kind of house
Tim Sackton: that's set like underneath. There's like a a huge sort of aisle of like vines that are growing, and that drape down and you pass underneath these vines, and you see that there's a table and some chairs, and like a couch. There's there's not really anywhere to sleep right. There's no like beds or anything.
Tim Sackton: a any gestures to, you know. Make yourself comfortable, and he sort of says, you know we'll be be with you in in a moment and and goes out, and seems to be bustling around and and gathering some food and things like that. Leaving you for a minute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talk at all. That's fine. Otherwise they'll just skip ahead. Just let me know. Yeah, 10 Kenzo, like as soon as like we kinda step in, and there's just like giant fucking tree and all that. It's like, even though he was like rebuffed by the the forest spirit earlier. It's just like must talk to trees, and it's like, really, really like, intense about trying to just like kinda vibe with all of the the crazy, ancient forest energy here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so yeah. So so Ken Kenza is just just kinda all up in this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like he, he! He's like as we're as we're walking. It's just completely like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like putting putting his consciousness out into this larger network of woods, and is in particular with, like the big huge ass tree. In part also just thinking, this is like a little metagame, but it's like we gotta bring some fucking cool like elven wood stuff back on our ship, you know. I mean, there's gonna be like a big ass like cool tree in the middle of our ship, right? So it's like, you know. So anyway. So so Kenza's just spending like is obsessive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like trying to communicate and talk and vibe with the whole forest energy. Here
Mike Sackton: that was almost seems the opposite, like a little bit uncomfortable. But the forest energy not uncomfortable exactly, but just very. He seems very hesitant, like not sure like looking at the tree. You kind of notice him fingering the ear like his necklace, for example, as one of the Taji symbols. Right like
Mike Sackton: kind of. He looks very introspective, like he's muttering like
Mike Sackton: sort of he. He occasionally mutters something in elvish to himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it's like a a tourist who has finally gotten to a place he's waited his entire life to get to, and is just like soaking every everything up, just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trying to be very polite and respectful for the elves. But you can tell, just thrilled.
Tim Sackton: So after some time passes, as you all just kind of take in the atmosphere in your different ways. Aaron comes back.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: you know. He's bringing a tray with some clear sort of sparkling beverage that he sets down.
Tim Sackton: he's bringing. He's got a few other elves that are sort of helping carry some food. He's he's bringing
Tim Sackton: what look like some kind of spiced cakes of some kind.
Tim Sackton:  yeah, fruit looks like strawberries. Maybe
Tim Sackton: sort of laying. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we have any time like W. Did we just like Go? Was there any kinda like leisurely time, or like basically like Kenza wants to as soon as possible. Speak with plants and go talk to that big tree. Just so, you know. Like, if it's right now like, whenever there's a good opportunity for it. That is, Kenza's like top mission to go speak with plants.
Tim Sackton:  I mean, it's clear that you're sort of being guided a little bit right like like the caretaker Erdan took you to this.
Tim Sackton: you know. House of hospitality
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't be like Oh, hey! Go wander around the city was just like nice, nice, nice, nice. Not that you're not that you're not free to wander around like if you got up and just sort of started walking away. They pro they wouldn't like, you know, shoot you, or anything but emotional intelligence that he has the right time to excuse himself.
Tim Sackton: So you know, it takes like bringing refreshments. You you spend a little bit of time, you know, just kind of making small talk. Airedon is like quite interested in
Mike Sackton: mostly hearing about. You know, hearing about Delaware, although I'm not sure how much deal with shares. No, I'll tell the simple version of the story about fighting in the Great War and and appearing in the Shadow Dimension, and that these are my companions who have
Mike Sackton: ha! Help me recover that ordeal. I won't get into a lot of details about what we've been doing since then.
Mike Sackton: Leave it. It helped me recover
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right, but also also also dealt with. Like as we're like walking. And like, you know, it's kinda obvious that deal with this like kinda uncomfortable, or feel like Kenza Kenza like in in perhaps a a, a surprising just moment of disarmament like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: comes over and like kind of checks in on deal with. And it's instead of being like, how's it going? Elf like you, with some compassion checking in on? How are you doing? Appreciate it? Like
Mike Sackton: not. It's like I'm
Mike Sackton: it's it's unusual being back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so bye.
Mike Sackton: perhaps perhaps I can tell us kind of what's up with the tree. Perhaps I can show you around it a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II would appreciate that. And II know what it can feel like to go home when home isn't necessarily what you want it to be, or how you remember it.
Mike Sackton: I would actually be interested in what Aldinor might have to say to you. Talk to get the tree like that was kind of casually implying that the tree is effectively part of his got part of the Alvin got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did not know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I would. It would be an honor to to speak with them if they would allow that to happen, I cannot say. I,
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: feel
Mike Sackton: my connection. To aldenor is not.
Mike Sackton: I fear the shatter dimension may have damaged it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  well, I'm we're here for you. Elvis
Mike Sackton: later, Let's enjoy the hospitality, hear what this caretaker has to tell us.
Mike Sackton: but I'm sure we'll have an opportunity to walk through the city later.
Tim Sackton: So again, as you finish sort of making small talk, and and
Tim Sackton: Aaron.
Tim Sackton: you know, sits sits with you for a bit like lets you lets you have your.
Tim Sackton: you know, has is interested, but also kind of after a bit of time lets you have have your space and and
Tim Sackton: gets up and sort of gives you a slight bow, and says
Tim Sackton: you're welcome in the city.
Tim Sackton: Please feel free to take as much time as you need.
Tim Sackton: It is a pleasure to welcome guests, and I assume at this point you also like, hand over them
Tim Sackton: bag of letters from Melinda. Oh, yeah, yeah, I forgot we had those. But yes, II figured you forgot you had this. He thanks you for the news from Melinda and and his sort of
Tim Sackton: It acknowledges the connection, acknowledges. You know Melinda's
Tim Sackton: relationship with with Orange and and all of this
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: and again asks, you know, if there's
Tim Sackton: there's anything you're looking for.
Tim Sackton: do let me know.
Mike Sackton: We where do
Mike Sackton: we are?
Mike Sackton: They also sort of. He takes a few minutes to work up to this right? Like I'm not gonna try and say exactly what would say. But he he kinda works up to the like, you know, we're here, you know, I really wanted to visit home, and it's been a while and da da, but you know, also, it turns out we are looking for information about, and so like. But again.
Mike Sackton: more of a subtle chrism. 20. I don't wanna just come out and be like, Tell us everything you know about a poly on. But like that's that's kind of the implication like this sort of conversation about about
Mike Sackton: you know, wanting to do a favor for volunteer returning stuff is that we're quite interested in any
Mike Sackton: anybody who might.
Mike Sackton: Any of the elders who might remember the ancient days
Mike Sackton: when Drankhor was still standing.
Tim Sackton: says that was long ago. Even as we count 6 cycles or more.
Tim Sackton: there are.
Tim Sackton: There are few now left who lived in those days, much less remembered them.
Tim Sackton: But I would suggest
Tim Sackton: you speak with Bahia
Tim Sackton: there of your Ca.
Tim Sackton: They fought in the Great War as well.
Tim Sackton: Did you fight in the battle of Erwich pass.
Mike Sackton: It did not
Tim Sackton: so perhaps you never
Tim Sackton: cross paths of them, but
Tim Sackton: since they settled in barn loss here.
you know
Tim Sackton: the beginning of
Tim Sackton: I need to keep my notes of generations open to this is sort of confusing to roll it out
Tim Sackton: They settled here at the beginning of this layout. They have
Tim Sackton: become well connected.
Tim Sackton: Returning a famous soldier
Tim Sackton: hero of many exploits in the hobgoblin wars, Sambara.
Tim Sackton: if anybody new.
Tim Sackton: how to
Tim Sackton: speak to one of the few who remembers the days of drink, or it would be them.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps I would be pleased to
Tim Sackton: share a meal with you.
Mike Sackton: I have
Mike Sackton: a small hobby, you would might say that I've developed in the last few months
Mike Sackton: last year. comparing
Mike Sackton: human style, food, or or even halfling style sometimes. Which I think is quite. It's quite.
Mike Sackton: The humans have quite a variety in their cuisines, and it's quite worthwhile
Mike Sackton: of
Mike Sackton: are taking. I would be honored to perhaps host a small meal if
Mike Sackton: I kind of look around. Presumably there's some place to cook here.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, here, perhaps for them and any anybody else, you would be welcome. Anybody else who who might be interested.
Mike Sackton: We could, of course, share stories, and
Tim Sackton: that sounds like it would be
Tim Sackton: quite the enjoyable evening. I will arrange the invitations. I'm sure Via Will will be happy to join.
Tim Sackton: In the meantime. there's anything you would like to see in the city. Please do take your time.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I would. I would like to give my friends a
Mike Sackton: a tour. Have
Mike Sackton: never seen in Elvish City before.
Mike Sackton: I must admit I
Mike Sackton: would enjoy
Mike Sackton: refreshing my own memory as to what it's like. It's been.
Mike Sackton: I have spent surprisingly few years
Mike Sackton: in an elvish city. In fact, none in peacetime.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: I expect, a rear experience. Then
Mike Sackton: the war years, when everything was dedicated to arming the troops and creating supplies, and
Mike Sackton: I don't see the same shortages we had then, I assume. There.
Mike Sackton: Problem.
Tim Sackton: indeed! Not
Tim Sackton: enjoy your time.
Tim Sackton: We will
Tim Sackton: this evening, perhaps
Tim Sackton: twilight
Mike Sackton: sounds perfect.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: I will arrange the invitations.
Mike Sackton: so I'll once he goes, I'll sort of
Mike Sackton: well, now is as good a time as any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  met a game. I just had a flashback to when Schwartz used to say, snidely dine in hell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vaguely it sounds familiar.
Mike Sackton: Did you catch Tim's name dropping, or like monastery?
Mike Sackton: Wait? When when was that renamed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck?
Mike Sackton: So this Alf is gonna like, know all of our
Mike Sackton: all the old, old anyway?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
Tim Sackton: so what do you want to see in the city
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what? Everything?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Kevin. Kenza's I've gotta go fucking. Go talk to that tree. Start by going to the tree right? Like, let's and and
Mike Sackton: and actually, when Kenzie's
Mike Sackton: Dallas gonna like, how do you? I feel like you should introduce it, but also more curious about your like commuting than he's ever been before. He's like, how does it? How does it
Mike Sackton: like? How do you? How can you?
Mike Sackton: What does it feel like? Can you like, ask questions of the trees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm, it depends on the tree. But yeah. I mean, part of what's what's amazing about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the the time that I spent with the Lizard folk in that jungle far to the East. I mean the the type of energy that was there, and the types of plants that were there was so primordial. And the communication wasn't. It's it's hard to describe. It's not a language per se, but or as linguistic as our conversation is. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm depending on the entity that you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're communicating with. It can be so many different forms and the ways in which your consciousness is shaped as it's happening. It's it's I mean I. And and just to see this being II am incredibly excited to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can imagine what it would be like so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yes, there I but you you certainly it's it's a it's a it's it's a process, I mean, you know, same thing with with engaging with the consciousness of the storm shine, or any entity. There's a a, a, a, an approach, and a caution and a give and take. It's very. It's deeply intuitive. But I don't know. II sound almost like secret right now with the ice thing. It's it's a little. It's a little. It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: once you kind of start doing it a little bit. It's yeah. It's very exciting to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, we experience the essence of these incredible beings.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think it's like this thing.
Mike Sackton: the Dallas, will we? Everybody sort of through the city, and like not brushing, or anything so like pointing out, you know
Mike Sackton:  sort of taking, allowing people to sort of, you know, chatting like, if there's any out, you know.
Mike Sackton: saying hideout, you know. Sort of yeah, I mean, you draw a comment as you walk to the city people come up and greet. This is
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't see any other.
Tim Sackton: You don't see any non house?
Tim Sackton: and you get the feeling that this is I mean, we're deal with grew up. That wasn't really the case. Right like there were people. There were humans that would come through Havelings. This feels like a much more isolated
Tim Sackton: place then.
Mike Sackton: Right? But it's I'm right in my thinking of the math that Della is probably only awake for like a couple of years, if that totally like Della's childhood, is completely, I mean, he sort of reminisces a little bit while you're
Mike Sackton: while he's talking through like it's so different than his child, like elf sleep for the first 50 years their life. That's the only time they sleep. Oh, he'll mention that at some point, I guess.
Mike Sackton: Remember, we saw all the sleeping elves in the tree like that's Alvin childhood. You just sleep.
Mike Sackton: We get it out of our systems, sleep for 50 years, and then you're done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, interesting! But it's like a time of dreaming. And Alvin. Children play with each other, and there's like a
Mike Sackton: communal dream, and you play with other. You know you talk to other elves and the dream, and and but when deal with woke up.
Mike Sackton: you know it was actually his generation woke up early to prepare for the war, and, like his
Mike Sackton: short, awaking childhood was like completely dominated by the entire elfin society going to a massive war footing to try to, you know.
Mike Sackton: kill Shabbat right.
Mike Sackton: and defeat that, like his entire every. So like he doesn't remember any like he. He's pointing out like, you know, I don't know. You walk by you walk by some
Mike Sackton: set of
Mike Sackton: it. It just everything seems so plentiful here compared to sort of mark. Yeah. And it's it's
Tim Sackton: for all of you. It's I mean, this is a strange experience. Right like, you know, you walk. You're walking towards the trees, and you pass
Tim Sackton: you know, you pass like a pond with with water lilies growing in it.
Tim Sackton: but the flowers the flowers have closed up, and the and they're sort of like fruit hanging off of them, and it's they're just like
Tim Sackton: It's not fruit.
Tim Sackton: It's like oysters growing off the water always.
Tim Sackton: And then, you, you know, you continue to walk, and you see that there's a there's a bunch of vines growing around the trunk of a tree. That's growing like into the side of of
Tim Sackton: a structure. And all of these vines have tiny little silver flowers, like actual metal, silver flowers growing on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then you keep walking, and you come to seeker, can help but touch one of the silver flowers, remembering in the fey wilde the hazards potentially of even touching the flower. He does it, anyway.
Tim Sackton: You see, you see trees loaded with fruit off season
Tim Sackton: you, you suddenly find yourself in a garden
Tim Sackton: like a hidden garden, where it's twilight. not not daylight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just that that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're getting some of those silver silver flower things on the boat on the the ship when this I don't. How's gonna happen? But at the end of this. There's gonna be some we're we're bringing some Alvin on like it's gonna be gifted. II don't know how it's gonna happen. But
Tim Sackton: so it's it's like, almost, it's like anything can be grown here almost. It's like, you know, it's not just the normal things. It's
Tim Sackton:  metal or
Tim Sackton: fruit out of season or
Tim Sackton:  like
Tim Sackton: any sort of ingredient you might need. Spices are growing.
Tim Sackton: it just feels very plentiful as you walk through like there's an abundance.
Mike Sackton: Della is marvel in all this, too, and is sort of like reminiscing that in his childhood, yeah, the elves can grow anything. What they grew in his childhood was bars of iron and steel to turn into sorts
Mike Sackton: right? And, you know, trip bread to hard tech to bring on the road, for like armies marching, and things like that. There was none of this oysters or silver
Mike Sackton: pretty fit, you know. It was just everything was just or footing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the what's the Alvin form of like, you know? Group therapy like, where do you all go to, like, you know? Work out your generational trauma like? Where did that happen
Tim Sackton: but dream sanctuaries?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Selva should do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just spent a couple of years doing that, maybe, you know. Get that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa! Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how old is this city like? Is this one of the ones that goes all the way all the way back?
Tim Sackton: According to the Alves, this is the oldest inhabited city in the entire material plain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as we're walking around like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bobby, is looking for, trying to figure or discern
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like evidence or indication of parts of the city that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): existed before time started.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, if there's a way to tell that about how it's grown or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where it's come from, or even what the shape of it is like
you.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. It's hard. It's hard to tell exactly. But yes, this city was, I mean this forest spraying from the footsteps of Outnor and the days before time, and you. So as you approach the this, this tree, this massive tree, you sort of step up to the tree. And and there's almost this, like the roots are massive in it. And and there's like a a
Tim Sackton: space inside the tree that you can, that you can walk into that's led. I mean, this is the space inside the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. As you approach you can hear echoes of laughter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and echoes and echoes like mocking laughter or joyful. No, no! Like Alvin. Children.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cute
Tim Sackton: 37 generations of them going back and back and back and back and back and back and back. Oh. laughing and dreaming in this space!
Tim Sackton: And you you so you have the feeling that this is like.
Tim Sackton: I mean. This is clearly something of a sacred space, but it's not. It almost has the vibe of like
Tim Sackton: like a sort of you know. Fancy European cathedral right like it. It's a sacred space, but it's also like clearly a place that somehow just come because they find it beautiful. And there's not like a sort of
Tim Sackton: taboo about
Tim Sackton: entering it, or anything, even though it is a sacred space. It's clearly a sacred space, and also like a beautiful space. But it also feels quiet. Right like this is
Tim Sackton: this is not Avinor's season. This is America's season, the wild star. This is the time of
Tim Sackton: dispersal and traveling, and not routing and growing.
Tim Sackton: and so it feels a little empty as you step in.
Tim Sackton: and you have the sense that if you came 50 years from now this place would be full of dreaming children, and the laughter that you hear the echoes
Tim Sackton: of every previous generation would be louder, and would fill their dreams than film your dreams.
Tim Sackton: But now it's quiet. It's just faint.
Mike Sackton: Question. Looks around for a minute and kind of touches the side of the tree, but sort of indicates that you're all welcome to come in. And it's not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: problem it. Kenza comes in and is is kinda looking to the Delaware sort of like. So you wanna introduce me to the tree? Or should I just go and introduce myself? Or kinda you know, what's the etiquette here?
Mike Sackton: I think you've
Mike Sackton: met already on our way in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Mike Sackton: I think I think going
Mike Sackton: say your peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is there a part of this space that's like actual, where you can see roots slash like where it's, you know, cause there's sort of like the architecture of. But like, is there a part that feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Yeah, I mean, like the the whole around the outside. You can see these like massive roots like this, thick around. Is your arm that sort of descend into the ground. Okay, yeah. Ka, Kenza basically looks for like again, just relying totally on his intuition. He looks for like a dope spot to like come. And that has just got super good vibes to, you know. And you've seen Kenza do this before, like he'll take his staff out and basically like, kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Put the staff into the grounds, and then you know, the staff usually will. Then kind of connect with that that root network, and then Kenza will will sit into a meditation post with the staff and then see what happens. So Kenza Kenza does all that and closes his eyes
Tim Sackton: for a minute you don't feel anything, and then you feel this sense of
Tim Sackton: age just just like
Tim Sackton: this tree has been growing
Tim Sackton: forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There has never been a time when this tree has not been growing.
Tim Sackton: and this this feeling kind of surrounds you. But it's also there's also a quietness to it.
Tim Sackton:  You can hear the wind rattling in the leaves like 600 feet above you.
Tim Sackton: and you can feel the leaves kind of blowing away. dispersing, and and the laughter of the children kind of blowing with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the stat that my current stat was from the tree in Tokra
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right, which is also like an old ass. Elventry. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this sort of like, like, are the tree. Is it like, you know what I mean? It's sort of like like some familiar like wood on wood action. Kind of, you know. Are they like? Is he is like the old tree, like excited to be connected. You know what I mean. Is there any, you know? Do I get a sense of like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's kind of like
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: the sense. It's so. It's like seeing your great grandkids, or something
Tim Sackton: like this tree is much older than that tree like this. This is, I mean
Tim Sackton: the the the lake.
Tim Sackton: the feeling that you get from, and and not that that was not an old tree right like that, but probably dated from
Tim Sackton: before. Certainly. Well, before humans were created. But
Tim Sackton: but this is this is like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the tree, the first tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Ken Kenza, Kenza, basically just just you know, adopts like he he usually does in in general, interacting with entities like this, but like extreme humility, extreme gratitude, extreme like respect for you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. And he'll just. He'll just kinda hang out in this in this in this vibe, for however long everybody else is hanging out. He he could like you get the sense that if, like everybody left Kenzo, just stay here for, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indefinitely, just kinda bye, bye and out.
Mike Sackton: that was actually
Mike Sackton: kinda Kenzo goes it like Dallas is sort of hang on the edge, like he seems a little
Mike Sackton: like he's not even totally sure if
Mike Sackton: belongs here.
Mike Sackton: but he doesn't seem unhappy. He's just sort of hanging on the edge like
Mike Sackton: kind of thinking.
Tim Sackton: After maybe 10 min he starts to smell vanilla in the air.
Tim Sackton: in the tollen trees. Blossom smell like vanilla, and you see a flower begin to bloom on the top of Kenza's staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: That ain't.
Tim Sackton: Are you set
Tim Sackton: at some point? You'll have to
Tim Sackton: return to prepare this meal, but like
Mike Sackton: Happy to hang out here for an hour right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like being in like Sagrada, familiar, or something like that this is epic, you know, like just kinda looking at the vibes.
Tim Sackton: And and you're not the only ones here right like this is clearly a place that
Tim Sackton: plenty of elves just kind of as part of their sort of daily or monthly or seasonal cycles sort of drift in here and spend a few moments.
Tim Sackton:  People are, you know, it's not crowded right? There's not like a pack of tourists running around, but
Tim Sackton: every now and then an app will come in and sort of acknowledge you, but not interrupt your your meditation, and and said, sit, or maybe sing a song
Tim Sackton: from
grow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and one other thing Kenza does again like you. Gratitude! Whatever's going on with the vanilla? The little folks sprout on it. Great Kenzo also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, is giving this tree like a kind of image of our ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and an image of like the garden that we're cultivating. and sort of, you know. Again, I think, like part of the vision, for this garden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is also like a home, like a place where different types of plant energy can come and intertwine and grow and be cultivated, and so on. So again, it's it's like, it's just an invitation. A, a, yeah, no. Flowers often turn into seeds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, beautiful, very exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
You're
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: When everybody everybody's ready, we can all go back. Or is there a partner tree?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that
Eric Rosenbaum: I learned about this from growing stuff in our own yard. Sometimes you need a male and a female tree, and sometimes you don't, depending on the species.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like growing underground the other way. In the municipal.
Tim Sackton: You return to this sort of house of hospitality that that you've been set up in dow with begins to cook. You find there's there's like 4 rooms in this place, the the sort of sitting room
Tim Sackton: that you are in. There's there's like a meditation room. a kitchen.
Tim Sackton: and there's a pretty well stocked like sort of pantry area off the kitchen as well. There's no bedroom, there's no way to sleep. It's just a meditation room, so you can meditate your 3 or 4 h of your trance.
Tim Sackton: but there's there's space, the the there was a there's a curtain that divides the sort of
Tim Sackton: dining area in half that was closed, and when you push it back you can see there's easily space for a sort of comfortable party for 10 people seated around a big table with room for milling about a bit, and no doubt with cooking smells good, like you've got using your fancy
Mike Sackton: Prisma bonus. Yeah. And yes, and I'm also making very Dunmari meal like Denmark classics here. I don't know what classics are, but like roasts. Yeah, I mean, I'll start super meat eaters right? Didn't we establish? It's kind of so like light on the meat.
Mike Sackton: but like grilled vegetables, right like that's the big like, like grilled grilled vegetables, and like some some sauces, you know, honey cake or something, there is that honey cake that they made for the yeah. One of the festivals. Yeah, is that what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said? It's like, Dunmari Halal
Mike Sackton: Denmark. Hello, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I'll go out a few times. That was will go out a few times, too, and like, get a few other ingredients and things that are missing and like, I'm sure I assume there's some sort of etiquette about which things you could just take in which things
Tim Sackton:  So you cook, and the sun sets and the stars come out brilliantly. And again, it's really hard to get a sense of time here. But you think this is still the same day that you left
Tim Sackton: the ship.
Tim Sackton: you're not really entirely sure you could have been walking for 24 h, for all you know. The guests begin to trickle in. You have
Tim Sackton: caretaker, Aridan who has returned and is happy to at
Tim Sackton: for the hospitality.
Tim Sackton: you have another man, and Alf
Tim Sackton: if anything.
Tim Sackton: slightly young vibe about him wearing these vibrantly dyed like right sort of autumnal sort of autumnal orange shirt with a
Tim Sackton: white pan like, very like just bright clothes. Has a sort of cheerful face, with sort of
Tim Sackton: brownish blond hair. wow!
Tim Sackton: Cheerful and sort of, and and just curious
Tim Sackton: almost a bit of a well-being to them like it's unusual to see. Curious out, I mean owls that are this expressive about their facial features.
Tim Sackton: And then you see a woman
Tim Sackton: wearing gr like a green long dress that's just woven with vines that run throughout it, and there's like a a red flower that's growing on her lapel, and she's got vines like almost growing up through her hair.
Tim Sackton: And then there is a a non binary. Alf.
Tim Sackton: who is what? Who's looks serious, has short cropped gray hair, wearing this grey, elegantly patterned silk shirt.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Aaron introduces everybody who says,
Tim Sackton: the hia! They're the ones who orbit was the the short-cropped
Tim Sackton:  and be with
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton:  gray tunic.
Tim Sackton: They're the ones who organize the guest list.
Tim Sackton: heard that you were curious about how the earth
Tim Sackton: I'd invited the All One.
Tim Sackton: She's a gardener.
Tim Sackton: expert in in
Tim Sackton: plants, but also caretaker of
Tim Sackton: Rs day.
Tim Sackton: one of the elders, ancients even who might be able to speak to you of the
Tim Sackton: of her memories, of drank or and care. D'ori insisted on coming.  He is
Tim Sackton: poet. historian. and the stories that you could tell
Tim Sackton: what I'm sure be novel and interesting.
Tim Sackton: So just to recap. There's
Tim Sackton: 4 elves, caretaker, Aidan
Tim Sackton: poet, Chodore, a
Tim Sackton: gardener, E. Allen, and like sort of well connected
Tim Sackton: former warrior, famous hero.
Tim Sackton: Bahia.
Mike Sackton: Hi Alden was the
Mike Sackton: Gardner, or the poet
Tim Sackton: is the poet. The All-win is the Bahia is the soldier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Aiden is the sort of caretaker who introduced everybody, which one's the one that like is the oldest one that's like scroll
Tim Sackton: none of them are super old, but y'all when is
Tim Sackton: was as a gardener, but also apparently takes care of an ancient, although
Tim Sackton: that's a little strange, because normally
Tim Sackton: alves don't really age, so why, an ancient we needed caretaker is not entirely clear. But that's how she was and introduced the woman. AR haste
Tim Sackton: is the is the ancient. She's not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The idea is, you could find out about her from these people.
Tim Sackton: So the dinner begins.
Tim Sackton: Seated conversation begins to flow. Everybody is kind of chatting telling stories.
Tim Sackton: I think
Tim Sackton: the the what makes sense to sort of role play this out is to just sort of dip into conversations as you assume. There's a conversations happening. But
Tim Sackton: you know I'll I'll just have. I think everybody gets, you know, one conversation that they that we're gonna like focus on right? So I'll tip into each person's conversations. And then we can. If there's other stuff you wanna learn that might require like, there's my checks or something we can.
Tim Sackton: We don't have to role play that
Tim Sackton: first person. Right? We can just do it. Third person like, what are you asking? Who about does that have sound? Everybody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just out of curiosity, like Kenza? Soul cites everybody to see if anybody's like like a megapower like whatever
Tim Sackton:  Baha'ias
Tim Sackton: like about your level
Mike Sackton: wow! Fought with. They fought with like
Mike Sackton: our old Pcs. Right? Presumably not exactly, but like probably was in the army that they were all organizing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and also spent apparently a while right bouncing around Sambar, fighting and wars and things like that.
Mike Sackton:  della will also sort of
Mike Sackton: introduce everybody, and he'll
Mike Sackton: start with a little bit of
Mike Sackton:  kind of
Mike Sackton: not really a speech, but just like a welcome. I'm glad to be back in.
Mike Sackton: I'm glad to. I appreciate the hospitality of returning to an elven
Mike Sackton: voice, and sort of
Mike Sackton: it's been a long time, and he'll sort of mention
Mike Sackton: in passing, like, we'll tell this story more later. Kind of. But this is actually the first time he's been back in a
Mike Sackton: elvish place since before that
Mike Sackton: great war since he laughed right since since the 30 sixth layer and
Tim Sackton: just that. He appreciates everybody's kind like just a little bit of a short, and to introduce everybody here. Right? So conversation is flowing, everybody is chatting and and exchanging tales and stories. Who wants to
Tim Sackton: zoom in? Who should we zoom in on first?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When do we have the what's everybody know about a polyam conversation?
Tim Sackton: These are the people who know about the polyam. These are the people who know the person who knows by the who you will eventually need to. I think the the gardener first.
Mike Sackton: What's your name?
Mike Sackton: we all win. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What I was suggesting is each each, oh, each. PC,
Mike Sackton: yeah. Okay.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: well, I can go first, since I'm
Tim Sackton: so who's Dal with talking to.
Mike Sackton: Not the poet, probably, else maybe maybe The soldier Hiya.
Mike Sackton: Great war shared memories. Kind of stuff right like. Talk a little bit about the battle that was in and ask a little bit about what?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they. They talk for a minute about
Tim Sackton: the battle of Orange Pass. That
Tim Sackton: standing shoulder to shoulder with Sambarins
Tim Sackton: dwarves
Tim Sackton: watching as Kenkoo flew overhead. dropping
Tim Sackton:  pots of alchemists fire on this vast hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: and then slowly, like holding the line, but retreating and retreating and retreating.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure that the hobgoblin would break through the past, but they were going to be swept aside somewhere would be overrun.
Tim Sackton: especially when the sky turned black. but the wings of this massive.
Tim Sackton: shadowy dragon
Tim Sackton: perched like a mile above the pass.
Tim Sackton: and then flashes of light
Tim Sackton: too far away to see exactly what happened, until
Tim Sackton: there was a massive crack
Tim Sackton: and something in this dragon shatter.
Tim Sackton: and it fell.
Tim Sackton: The dark wings
Tim Sackton: crashed into the pass in the middle of the hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: crashing like through the ground, deeper and deeper, and everybody just turned ran as Hub goblins were swallowed up by this emerging pet.
Tim Sackton: Some of the Samarans and elves as well
got it.
Tim Sackton: and then he kind of bay. Sorry kind of
Tim Sackton: those next few years are not ones I speak of.
Mike Sackton: That was a kind of nod. It
Mike Sackton: my!
Mike Sackton: How did you
Mike Sackton: cover from those memories I remember the
Mike Sackton: seems worse almost, I guess every everyone valed by this.
Mike Sackton: Now I forget who killed us. Sorry I should have prepared that was backstory. So I everybody. Yeah, I forget who I but and why
Mike Sackton: near death. I
Mike Sackton: touch something and ended up in a place I
Mike Sackton: shall also not speak of. but you seem to have
Mike Sackton: grown since then survived. Found yourself again. How does one do that?
Tim Sackton: I traveled
Tim Sackton: help people? I could
Tim Sackton: spent some time around.
Tim Sackton: thought the hob goblins twice again.
Tim Sackton: travel south into
Tim Sackton: our best, and but some time traveling with the Rangers
Tim Sackton: protecting the people.
You.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is kind of nodding along like you help them humans, mostly
Mike Sackton: a halflings, too. Halflings. Yes.
Tim Sackton: dwarf works.
Mike Sackton: and that that
Mike Sackton: eventually bring you some measure of peace.
Tim Sackton: I know of peace is the word I use.
Tim Sackton: Eventually I got tired of fighting
you.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: it was never after the war cause I was out of out of sync.
Tim Sackton: I was traveling, and could not bring myself to come home during my first Nella then blew like the wind across the lands of
Tim Sackton: Tamara.
Tim Sackton: and then.
Tim Sackton: when
Tim Sackton: normally
Tim Sackton: I would travel, I wanted to come home and feel all the north roots, tying me to the land.
Tim Sackton: And so when this laya started, I came here backwards.
Tim Sackton: tired, feeling out of touch.
Tim Sackton: wanting the strength of Baldnor's roots, just as America's winds were scattering all the newly awakened of the 30 seventh cough.
Tim Sackton: But what brought me back
Tim Sackton: at that point? I had achieved some fame among the people of Southern Sambara.
the
Tim Sackton: and the humans.
You.
Tim Sackton: There is a brilliance about them. How quickly they forget
Mike Sackton: that was sort of nods to this
Tim Sackton: I found peace in the tokens. They would give me the paintings and
Tim Sackton:  clothing and the tapestries, and the none
Tim Sackton: what I would call brilliant, but all made with such
Tim Sackton: devotion, and
you're
Tim Sackton: honor.
Tim Sackton: It was sometimes all they had to thank us for saving their
Tim Sackton: village from a rotting horde of beasts from the playgrounds and
Tim Sackton: accrued tapestry was
Tim Sackton: far better reward than piles of treasure
Tim Sackton: when I came here, and I
Tim Sackton: put all those up.
Tim Sackton: I don't know there was a piece in that. seeing them
Tim Sackton: tangible evidence of those who I had helped.
Mike Sackton: I that was kind of looks at them.
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: Alzheimer's roots seem
Mike Sackton: very distant to me
right now
Mike Sackton: it
Mike Sackton: I was
Mike Sackton: in a place far, far away
Mike Sackton: during the 30 Sixth, No. 30, seventh, 30, sixth, 30, Seventh Noah and I did not notice it.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what that means. Right. Don't know if I want to find out yet.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: you are
Mike Sackton: kind of those kind of points like your survival is not quite the right word. But you're sort of thriving this year is encouraging.
Mike Sackton: though.
Mike Sackton: Did did did you talk to anyone about your backwards relationship to Aldenner. I've not heard of that happening before
you.
Mike Sackton: Is there anyone who might? You might know who
Mike Sackton: those could answer some of my questions.
Tim Sackton:  maybe I
Tim Sackton: I have found I've made my own roots.
Tim Sackton: not everybody is. feels the cycles of the gods in the same way.
Mike Sackton: That was kind of think on it, though? Did you know, as
Mike Sackton: as an aside, or or as the next part of the conversation, did you know Rye at all?
Tim Sackton: I never met any of the heroes of the war not personally heard stories. Of course. I saw the Kenku Aaron up close once a whole army of Kanku fire bombers to drop flames on the in the past.
Mike Sackton: That's sort of not some. Well.
Tim Sackton: so let's we'll continue the conversation away from that conversation, Pan, into who else wants to be talking to somebody, and I mean, this is like you don't have to if you don't want to. But I thought it would be nice to give everybody a chance. Kenza will have just like a we don't have to roll it out. But Kenza is like very curious to talk to the gardener. Yeah, just to learn about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how the fuck else grow. Things get some gardening tips for the you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for our actually, he'll invite the gardener to come and help and check out the check out the ship and our little, you know, it'd be great to have.
Tim Sackton: She's she's super. She is super excited to hear about every to just like talk about plan. She's like totally geeking out, cause I you know, and I tell her about the jungle all the way, you know. I tell her we go in deep. We we nerd out
Tim Sackton: Charlie, no doubt, but she says that she can't.
Tim Sackton: Th. There's no way that she can leave arm lost now.
Tim Sackton: because our Us. Day depends on her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: taking care of her. She's so sick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we bring the ship to the city like, just so she can pop on and check it out
Mike Sackton: it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a little unusual, right, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, very unusual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean no idea what the Hellen he he says it. If it's weird I'm making just like, oh, wow! Why don't we bring the ship here? How's our immune to disease. It's very unusual for an elf to be sick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it? Got it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, now.
Tim Sackton: anyway. Keep. But she does say like she. I mean. There's like several sort of geeky gardeners in her in her car, in her generation, and she thinks there actually might be somebody who'd be willing to travel.
Tim Sackton: They need a few weeks to prepare, but she knows somebody. Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alf. Gardener Mike, yes, we need more. That's how the bastion thing works. That's great elf, Gardner, Npc. Done love. Lock it up. She just can't. She's loves talking to about
Tim Sackton: plants with you should love to come see it. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, she really doesn't feel comfortable, leaving cause
Tim Sackton: especially because arrest is always sicker when the sun grows weaker in the winter, and
Tim Sackton: despite everything we do to keep the twilight long and the night short.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: she feels like she can't like she can't leave, probably for another cycle. Does she know why like? Do they know what's going on with her rest like, why is she dying, or why is she sick?
Tim Sackton: Something that happened long ago? She says, I don't. They don't know the full story
Tim Sackton: makes her weak to talk about it.
Tim Sackton: Something from the days of Drankor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, let her know that we're like interested in learning about transport from her. But if there's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way to have a conversation and not like kill her, more like, let us know we could, I mean.
Mike Sackton: certainly. Dell, if would
Mike Sackton: at some point be curious to sort of offer to.
Mike Sackton: We have some experience in helping people.
Mike Sackton: and in
Mike Sackton: it's not too much of a stretch to say with some experience in magical illnesses, right? How do we actually have any experience in magical illnesses? Definitely curses.
Mike Sackton: We don't have experiencing curses except being cursed. Our good friend Riz with is quite, but she is unfortunately not here. However, we do have experience with them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're hurrying back to help Briswin
Eric Rosenbaum: rushing back. And we hate we're like
Mike Sackton: so much haste, just like another as long as we can wait a few weeks for the Elvin gardener. That's that's fine, right? But you know
Tim Sackton: you do have. Look at. Look at all of your special key.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, see, Keto is probably great at healing things. If he just remembers to read his character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mmm.
Mike Sackton: Actually, Dallas, I'll take that tack. We should totally
Mike Sackton: if the
Mike Sackton: this person is like talking about
Mike Sackton: ill elder Elf. Presumably they've tried a bunch of velvet magic, right? But Della will like bring up the whole, hey? The humans, you know.
Mike Sackton: humans and halves and dwarves have like powerful abilities. Right? Like I've seen my friend Kenzo do all kinds of magical things like maybe we could help and like. Go with the like, hey? We should. You should bring us to meet this person, cause we're super helpful, and
Mike Sackton: and I'm sure you haven't tried human magic
Tim Sackton: make a make a persuasion check.
Mike Sackton: Do you get advantage on it?
Mike Sackton: 21.
Tim Sackton: She's actually quite interested by this idea.
Tim Sackton: They all went, and
Tim Sackton: curious like, you know, if you'd be willing to try it. II take you to her in the morning. Great. So I've got this Hutsu key
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rich. You can join this full to grasp one departing spirit, and I sent you the I just. I sent you the the one that heals people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I got it.
Tim Sackton:  this is from this is from the Lizard. Folk right? Probably have not tried
Mike Sackton: the else. Honestly, these elves probably haven't tried anything except elf imagine
Mike Sackton: which is the best magic, but not the only magic.
Tim Sackton: Look. We gotta get in something here right? We can't get through the whole elfin episode with no cracks about Alpha. Better than you guys. Let's zoom into another conversation as as Kenzo finishes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but yeah, tenzo with the shares tenzo shares, though that he? He has spent time as you're talking about lizard book stuff. And it's like, Hey, like, I've actually communed with some plants that are really fucking amazing and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: healing and removing curses. And oh, by the way. you know I might be able to help.
Tim Sackton: She is very excited by this. and
Tim Sackton: we'll take you in the morning.
Tim Sackton: So let's let's paint into another conversation.
You.
Tim Sackton: if anybody else wants to have a conversation
Tim Sackton: not required.
Tim Sackton: we can pan to the end of the dinner. Jump in if you want, jump in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying there may be some Npcs really been on the board right now, guys like, let's listen more. Any any like cool Elven Npcs. We can get on the ship, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sam.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm thinking of that. Put like there's you know, their stories or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): things to hear, but I don't. I don't have a good
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): question in particular to delve into.
Tim Sackton: That's fine. I mean while being carod or chat for a bit, and
Tim Sackton:  You hear some albin poetry?  share some hapless stories.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: he's he's was. He's of the of this generation of the 37 cost. So he was. He's only been sort of awake.
Tim Sackton:  for the past.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. 30 years like he's not. He doesn't have really that much more experience than you do, so he's
Tim Sackton: so it's quite fascinating, he said. You know he didn't. He didn't want to leave. He wasn't ready to leave, because
Tim Sackton: there's still so much to learn about.
Just the
Tim Sackton: way words are crafted. Just the the like skill of poetry before he feels like he can even
Tim Sackton: turn
Tim Sackton: his words to any important
Tim Sackton: stories.
Tim Sackton: needs to get the craft right. But he is fascinated. He is still  He's still eager to hear
Tim Sackton: what you have to say, and he's. you know. It's almost like it's pumping you for information a little bit about like you know where you're
Tim Sackton: where your family is from and like you know what ships you know like. Maybe he could sail on half of the ship at 1 point  once he's ready. He's not
Tim Sackton: not there yet. He built still needs to get the the language perfect, and it takes 100 years to master
Tim Sackton: just the craft of Elgin poetry. This goes on for a while.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll ask him like when when he goes. What
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what is an elven map look like? Look! Is there a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there a map room that he goes and gets directions from before he heads out.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: We all discover the world outside these forests on our own.
Tim Sackton: The paths anyone else takes to the world is their path. It's not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what would be the point of a map. The world changes too quickly. Well, that is just the problem we're
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trying to find old maps of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): drank, or which is, imagine not that long ago from your perspective. But it's been a hell of a thing to try and find a an actually good map to get.
Tim Sackton: There are some of us who remember that time. Yeah, that is true.
Tim Sackton: One of the ancients day
Tim Sackton: she grew up in near Drinkhar.
Tim Sackton: but she's very sick now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why is she sick? I thought, else didn't get sick.
Tim Sackton: It's a sad tale.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: I cannot truly do it justice, and
Tim Sackton: he begins to sort of launch into a poem, and in an elvish that you sort of loosely get the translation of It's
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: A hero
Tim Sackton: of the elves.
Tim Sackton: a warrior and champion of Albanar!
Tim Sackton:  protecting the children
Tim Sackton: until the wars came.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the like. The words are a little unclear like, but ripping magic.
Tim Sackton: shattered
Tim Sackton: body and soul alike.
Tim Sackton: You should speak to her if you really want the story, the my poetry is not up to the task.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I could.
Tim Sackton: That would be a grand poem if I could tell that story. In my own words. There are, of course, famous poems
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: the Elves of
Tim Sackton: Rostar, A,
the
Tim Sackton: the city of
Tim Sackton: Stmr. City of Peace.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: my craft is not good enough yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thank you
Tim Sackton: someday.
Tim Sackton: So, as the meal ends.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: sun has sat twilight and has turned to full dark.
Tim Sackton: the crowd begins to scatter. Kind of look around like. where are we going to sleep? Make yourself up some bed rolls from?
Tim Sackton:  make yourself up some bed rolls from just purely, you know gear, although
Tim Sackton:  not quite as comfortable as the beds on the ship.
Tim Sackton: but you get some rest.
Tim Sackton: 9 in the morning.
Tim Sackton:  You you leave as
Tim Sackton: y'all in comes to lead you to Rs day.
Tim Sackton: and she leads you out of the city.
Tim Sackton: She leads you through the gates.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton:  through the forest for a little bit
Tim Sackton: through through the woods, and you come to a
Tim Sackton: like a pond, a sort of quiet glade in the forest, that where there's a pond. There's like little fireflies. So around, as soon as you step into the glade it's suddenly twilight.
Tim Sackton: You can see the stars.
Tim Sackton:  faintly, and this and the faint light of the setting sun. You get the feeling that it's always twilight here.
Tim Sackton: never full dark, never bright sun.
Tim Sackton: It's a quiet, gentle garden.
Tim Sackton: and and she leads. Yahweh leads you kind of quietly up, and you can see sitting on a on a cushioned bench overlooking the pond is an Alvin woman. She's
Tim Sackton: has long silver hair. She wears a gray cloak that's wrapped around your shoulders. Almost as if for warmth.
Tim Sackton: Her her left hand is. is sort of
Tim Sackton: resting on the the bench of the arm, but her right arm is in a sling, and you can see her. The fingers, that sort of peek out from the sling are like withered and and sort of locked in place like her hand has been, is. It's like there's almost no skin. It looks almost entirely like bone, and she obviously can't move her right arm
Tim Sackton: and you can see again like like there's some sort of
Tim Sackton: again, sort of like fibrous material that that like runs up her neck a little bit, and even on to our
Tim Sackton: onto her face, and she
Tim Sackton: off slightly.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: turns to look at you and
Tim Sackton: be our way. and she says in in a sort of faint voice.
Tim Sackton: Yahweh.
Tim Sackton: it's good to see you
Tim Sackton: takes a breath. Whoever's you brought
Tim Sackton: to my grove.
Tim Sackton: and why?
Tim Sackton: And he always turns and looks at Kenzo
Tim Sackton: might have some way to help. he says, from the Lizard folk
Tim Sackton: way to the south.
Tim Sackton: and Rsa. Books, and and looks at Penzel. and turns and and looks at your staff.
Tim Sackton: Then the 2 fragments of rye.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: anything
Tim Sackton: come
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them all soulsider
Tim Sackton: she's clearly in a lot of pain. She's
Tim Sackton: significantly more powerful than you, although
Tim Sackton: there is also a
Tim Sackton:  it's not like. It's not a
Tim Sackton: you can sense the sort of illness that's that's it's almost looks like there's like patches missing of her soul, and they've been mended a little bit, but not fully healed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzel Will will step forward and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get close to the bed, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you know, holding a stab and get down on one knee, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slowly taken her presence, and just kind of be there in communion with her, for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know a few moments.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can say we'll we'll ask
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: humbly. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've spent much time in jungles far from here in the lands of lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and have spent time with Lance that have amazing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: healing powers. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you are willing, I think they may be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have you steered, and they may be able to help you.
Tim Sackton: She coughs like for
Tim Sackton: a long stretch, and slowly sits up.
Tim Sackton: She says
Tim Sackton: anything
Tim Sackton: that you are willing to try that night
Tim Sackton: is the
Tim Sackton: fire in my soul that has burned so long?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have you had this affliction
Tim Sackton: since
Tim Sackton: the 30 third layer.
Tim Sackton: or whole cycles?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what? What caused it? How did it begin?
Tim Sackton: She like closes her eyes, and she says.
Tim Sackton: cost a lot. I
Tim Sackton: she looks again at your staff.
Tim Sackton: You deserve the full story
Tim Sackton: must rest for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Kenzo? Kenza is like, all right. We'll talk after this. He!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He kind of helps guide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, asking for permission and helps in guides for hands
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: onto the staff so she can. She can hold onto it, you know. He he plants the staff like on the ground like right next to her bed. and, as her, you know, kind of reach over and put her put her hands on on a on the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then Kenzo, as she presumably does that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: takes his hands and kind of puts them on the other side either either side of her, her hands and sits there with his eyes closed, and then starts to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speak to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  starts to speak to Ordaro.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and starts to speak to the plants. And you see, Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's murmuring, and also kind of singing like you haven't really heard Kenza sing before us is a little weird, but he's like kind of kind of chanting and saying some things and like it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not any kind of language you've ever heard, or it's it's even hard to like. Think about it in the context of a language cause. It's just like kind of weird noises and sounds. But you do get a sense that is like a song like there's something about it that feels like singing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you see the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's kind of these different, you know. There's all these different interesting etchings, of course. You know, all over the staff. But there's one kind of particular thread that starts to light up and start glowing this like very intense green, and it goes all the way, grinds all the way up to the top of the staff, where there's one particular flower that starts to really, really get
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or one particular plant at the top is green plant that starts getting super intense green
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and as we sit. And Kenzo is, whatever the hell he's doing, chanting, singing, this kind of energy from the top of this the staff, and from this kind of plant starts tracing down and then weaving this energy around. What's her name? Again?
Tim Sackton: Rs day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. It starts weaving around, you know Kenzo's hands. Arreste's hands and then starts to concentrate and pulse. And then, you see, kind of these, almost like waves of energy that's traversing down the staff from the top. Into arresta and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know this goes on for for a period of time.  She takes a deep breath
Tim Sackton: and sits up and her eyes open, and she looks at you.
Tim Sackton: I thank you.
Tim Sackton: Don't think anything can truly heal me. The damage that was done. She points at her useless right arm.
Tim Sackton: but then she, like puts, puts her hand on on the like side of the bed, and like pushes herself up and and stands.
Tim Sackton: But it's been
Tim Sackton: 2 whole cycles since I felt this comfortable walking.
Tim Sackton: and she begins to smile slightly, and and
Tim Sackton: puts her like arm around around like through Kenza's arm, and like uses you to help her walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza Kenza, straight up like, gives her, gives her his staff so that she can kind of like walk leaves on the staff, and she walks down to the pool, and she like slowly kneels down by the pool, and like just puts her hand in
Tim Sackton: and take some water just like spl like, splashes it against your face, and just sighs and looks up at the stars and smiles.
Tim Sackton: She says. come.
Tim Sackton: sit on the grass. let me tell you a story.
Tim Sackton: and please ask whatever you'd like to know.
Tim Sackton: You have done me a great honor, Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ii have done nothing the plants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The plants have a life and energy of their own, and clearly they were meant to be with you
Tim Sackton: takes a strong spirit to guide them.
Tim Sackton: I guess I will start at the beginning unless there's anything you would particularly wish to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The beginning is always the best place to start.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will not to. Right like, yeah, start at the beginning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was born, and
Ross Tara.
Tim Sackton: as the owls would translate it, the Forest of Rains.
Tim Sackton: an Alvin settlement, maybe 100 50 miles northeast of Drankor, between the river and the bay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, Tim, this is like hardcore Vishava story mode for this this one. It's like we're getting. We're gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the epic. One
Tim Sackton: city
Tim Sackton: city of my birth was called S. Top estim a
estimar city of Peace.
Tim Sackton: But humans and elves and parano lived together.
Tim Sackton: I spent my first lay on the court of the Drankorian emperors advising Aglir, and then the twins, pillows in
Tim Sackton: Sakios, who ruled together.
Tim Sackton: It was a good time.
Tim Sackton: There was peace.
Tim Sackton: The land was healthy. there were battles. Yes. I rode to fight with them
Tim Sackton: during Korean armies against the spreading fire, an alliance of
Tim Sackton: the fleet and fire elementals and giants, led by an ancient red dragon dragon that seek to claim the wealth and power of Drankhor itself.
Tim Sackton: I saw Elias and Sekius. the twin emperors, die in dragon fire, but it prevailed
Tim Sackton: and drink corps was saved, and it was worth saving in those days.
Tim Sackton: During my first meal I returned to Rastari. where my son and my daughter were born. and they followed in my footsteps, traveling to drank or and
Tim Sackton: serving in the court of Emerdow.
Tim Sackton: It was then that things started to go wrong.
Tim Sackton: The Emperor Halaya. She was assassinated by the omnis Pyra, and started starting a Civil war.
Tim Sackton: My son was killed in the fighting and drink, or my daughter fled this small group hiding out in the hills to the west of the city.
Tim Sackton: keeping a guerrilla resistance alive in Helia's name. but later she was killed as well
Tim Sackton: protected as many as I could in the rostar. A
you.
Tim Sackton: especially the paranar, the elves who had lived with humans since the days of Carr, and
Tim Sackton: were seen as particularly insidious and vile by the obvious Pura.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The humans can be racist, too.
Tim Sackton: that is, when things started to go from bad to worse.
Tim Sackton: During the 30 third Mellah.
Tim Sackton: when the next generation. or singing and dreaming in the great trees of
Tim Sackton: Star A.
Tim Sackton: The Emperors of Drankor launched the Dominion Wars, fighting.
Tim Sackton: claiming land to the East as much land as they could eat up.
Tim Sackton: We defended Rostaria as best we could through deception and trickery.
Tim Sackton: working with other groups of rebels and dissidents. The Friday sleep costs.
Mike Sackton: but hey! We know them.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: we were always protected by Aldenor's grace.
Tim Sackton: by the power
Tim Sackton: of his magic that ran through my arm and my blade.
Tim Sackton: It was when Apollion, then Emperor
Tim Sackton: betrayed
Tim Sackton: a dragon, Schmidt later, who would fight against for our very survival. slaughtering the Orcs and stealing the cloak of rainbows from them, that things became dire
Tim Sackton: with the cloak. Aldenor's protection meant nothing.
Tim Sackton: Apollon slice through the defenders of
Tim Sackton: Rostaria like a hot knife.
Tim Sackton: Everywhere he strode, the power of Alder was quelled.
Tim Sackton: The tricks that protected us ceased to matter. The city of Estimar was sacked.
Tim Sackton: Ostari burned. the elder trees cut sleeping children inside
you.
Tim Sackton: She pauses for a minute, clearly overwhelmed by an emotion.
Mike Sackton: Dallas also is like looks over like
Mike Sackton: he looks. At first he looks overwhelmed, and now he just looks furious like
Mike Sackton: we have to do something about this guy.
Mike Sackton: I mean doesn't say that a lad, but like he looks like angrier than he ever has before.
Tim Sackton: This
Tim Sackton: this disaster was worse, because it was totally unforeseen by America.
Tim Sackton: The Mellah did not. The lad did not come early. The children were not
Tim Sackton: awaken. I think. because America's foresight was blinded by the cloak as well.
Tim Sackton: and none of the gods are able to perceive Apollon's actions or do anything.
Tim Sackton: Foresee the danger he brought.
Tim Sackton: She pauses again.
Tim Sackton: I stood against him alone, at the height of my power.
Tim Sackton: stood against him at the height of his power. He spoke words of death, and I shrugged them off
Tim Sackton: every time I raised my sword to summon the power of Aldenor to my blade and strike divine force.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What? What? Like? Just you know, again, I saw cider like, what? What is she? Again? She's like a like a Twentieth level Paladin, or something like that. Yeah, she's like a twentieth level pilot on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking sick. Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Tim Sackton: in your favor she's a twentieth level Paladin fighting a polyon without any of her paladin feelings.
Mike Sackton: Oh, because the clock
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: man
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unfair.
Tim Sackton: I was defeated and taken
Tim Sackton: with a handful of warriors of mine who had survived except in the paranar, who were all slaughtered to drink, or
Tim Sackton: I don't know why he kept us alive. We watched as he turned the city into his personal domain.
Tim Sackton: Using a sceptre of great power to create adoring, loyal legions.
Tim Sackton: he would
Tim Sackton: round up the paranoia.
Tim Sackton: create bigger and bigger spectacles. He would summon thousands, tens of thousands of his followers to giant rallies.
Tim Sackton: where he would declare himself a god.
Tim Sackton: Now we're about to get to the like crucial plot, reveal of the entire high school campaign.
Tim Sackton: but I might have to wait till shorts comes back. Yeah. Wait Tim, when when she's talking about like the sacking of the city, she talking about this city like where we are right now? No, no, this is so. This was. She's talking about your all. Wait! What's the crucial.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He, like his species, was completely extinct. He was like the last of his kind. Yes, yeah, he was a good.
Tim Sackton: That's the paranoia that Apollon was killing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck, wait! So remember talesian like Rise rise! Father was like some kind of powerful dude was was Wait. Was Telesia remember the the traveler.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the traveler, and tales, and were different people. They were different. Who the fuck was, the traveler again. The traveler was traveler was a dragon.
Mike Sackton: good dragon.
Tim Sackton: without a good dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was a cool character.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! What species was rye? That
Tim Sackton: he was an elf? What what we made up, and we know, you know, originally he was a weird elf. Originally he was an elf
Tim Sackton: like when Kong first made up the character. But then there was that whole like weird thing in the jungle, the forest in the north.
Tim Sackton: where we did like solo adventures with everybody. Yes, and Kong and I made up some like crazy backstory for rye that he was like the
Tim Sackton: descendant of, like the
Tim Sackton: this like weird race of high alves, I think we called them. I forget what we called yeah, yeah. Yeah. White dress, right? Oh, totally dress. Holy fuck, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were like the high Als who ruled, drank, or with the humans. Oh, shit! I totally forgot, but they had all been sort of wiped out. There was almost none of the left except for this, like weird place in the forest, which is where
Tim Sackton: Rye got imitar, and then I ry got like special did like special training there, and came back like superpower right well, and that was when like we like stopped doing spells, and like we would all just like, alright. What's Ry gonna do right now? He would like, make up some create like we would all come up with some crazy
Eric Rosenbaum: is the alliance of humans, and else
Tim Sackton: they were part of the resistance to the it during the Civil War.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey, man.
Mike Sackton: the guy I played in the Fay wild solo was
Mike Sackton: also fighting about civil war. Yeah. So, though he couldn't remember which side he thought he couldn't remember which side he fought for
Mike Sackton: history of the Empire. Right? So
Tim Sackton: that's what she was talking about at the beginning. Was like the sort of
Tim Sackton: you know, Golden Age. Everything was happy like. Is she implying? Are we implying she's been? She remembers most of Drake or
Tim Sackton: no, just back to like not like the, you know, conquest of Sembar, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton:  just from like 7 50 on.
Tim Sackton: so like
Tim Sackton: the last 100 years of like the. And then.
Tim Sackton: So there was like this golden age. And then there was a civil war. The Omnis Pira assassinated the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: Hello! And and they installed their own. They won the Civil War
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Omnis pure were, yeah, but they were they humans, or else, yeah, yes, yes, they're they're Fausto. And the yeah, right? Right? Right. Isn't Fausto human?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all the omni no omnis pure. I think humans are the only they're very pro human. Why did they support Shamut?
Mike Sackton: You'd think they'd be alive.
Mike Sackton: There's a reason, I'm sure there is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, where is Schwartz? Where is yours? Right? Okay. So a poly on
Mike Sackton: was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so omnis pure wins the Civil War, and Apollion becomes like the the omnis. Pera predates a Polyon slightly. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: like Apollon was just the most effective leader of the omnis Pira.
Tim Sackton: I'm not going to read it, but your secret notes on Drake, who are not secreted out.
Mike Sackton: Oh, really, yeah. Oh, that was actually secret, though. Let me check. They might not actually be secret. I wasn't gonna read them. They might not be secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  so okay, so but then but then, what's the the Civil War, the Dranquorian Civil War, because during drink corps like elves and humans all hanging out right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So so then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the on this pure, it's just copied from Google drive that I can actually see right? So so the human needed all the actual secret stuff. So the human supremacist win.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then what happens to the elves. They start
Mike Sackton: and they'll get murdered all start getting killed. They get exterminated. That's why Ry was the last of them. Genocide. Essentially. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, now, the
Tim Sackton: the paranoia, the paranoia are like the sort of
Tim Sackton: it's never entirely clear, metaphysically what they are. But they're basically elves who move to Co. Car and became sort of human-ish.
Tim Sackton: II think I think back in the day they were basically half hours right? Like.
Mike Sackton: right? Got more sophisticated. But
Mike Sackton: there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're like the human out, right? Like the the L, they're like that, the part human. Yeah, the outs are sort of given up their sort of elven heritage and liberty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that was probably also loosely inspired by Tandis, half-alven from the Dragon Load Series, which I was like very into
Mike Sackton: probably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts. Tim's about to do, like Major, reveal like 30 year reveal that we've been waiting for. So we we waited for you to come back to have this moment right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very exciting.
Tim Sackton: She resumes her story.
Tim Sackton: I did not know why he kept us around, and I believe perhaps it was because of the end. I think he had achieved some power of divinity, and he
Tim Sackton: he wished us to see how strong he had become. The growing
Tim Sackton: anger of my people, perhaps, was somehow part of what he needed to find his way to godhood.
Tim Sackton: And there was that day
Tim Sackton: I was watching. He stood and proclaimed himself a God.
Tim Sackton: the firstborn of humans.
Tim Sackton: And he raised the scepter.
Tim Sackton: and there were
Tim Sackton: people, as far as the eye could see, cheering and chanting his name.
Tim Sackton: But it was not to last
Tim Sackton: before he could settle into the power of his divinity a dragon so big it blotted out that the sky appeared shadowy, insubstantial.
Tim Sackton: with burning red eyes and toxic smoke spewing from its nostrils.
Tim Sackton: Paulian stood in defiance, confident in his divinity.
Tim Sackton: challenging the dragon.
Tim Sackton: I cannot see what happened after that, because the choking mist but I heard I felt
Tim Sackton: the rending
Tim Sackton: a tear. It felt like my soul ripping apart, and only by the strength and will and grace of Albanore was unable to hold myself together.
Tim Sackton: and I saw Polyon
Tim Sackton: choking on his huebass.
Tim Sackton: staggering through this mist.
Tim Sackton: looking for something
Tim Sackton: as I tried to flee the city and gather survivors.
Tim Sackton: Avoid what I could
Tim Sackton: of the few of Apollion's forces. Dell clinging to life.
Tim Sackton: I saw him laughing. standing on the steps of his palace. his arms withered. holds up her arm as mine is now
Tim Sackton: raising this vial of pure blackness to his mouth.
Tim Sackton: and cursing Shamat
Tim Sackton: do not know what happened after he drank, but I'm sure he did not die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do not fully die. Do we recognize the potion? Is this? It's not, but it's not. We don't know about the
Tim Sackton: no, you don't recognize that. I mean, she's just describing this.
Tim Sackton: I fled the city saving who I could. The toxic mists spread and spread.
Tim Sackton: and as the city died I felt the insidious chaos begin to infect and spread along the huge number of lay lines that converged on the city.
Tim Sackton: tearing the world apart as they went.
Tim Sackton: Me and a small number of other elves who survived. Whether this
Tim Sackton: plague, I guess one might call it this rending of the world in the burned out hollow of the elder tree in our former home
Tim Sackton: it burned away my magic withered, my arm, never able to weld the sword again.
Tim Sackton: and I swore then, as I turned with the survivors north.
Tim Sackton: but I would not rest until Apollion was dead.
Tim Sackton: I tried to learn as much as I could about him and his fate. What had happened to him.
Tim Sackton: even when I felt the roots of Aldenor no longer
Tim Sackton: pulling me to Talgar
Tim Sackton: had something more immediate, more personal, to hold me to, that Napoleon must not be allowed to rise ever again.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Eric has to go. Well, you heard the big conclusion.
Tim Sackton: luckily.
Tim Sackton: over the course of the next few cycles, every elf that had been exposed to this great plague felt their connection to Aldenora fade, and many
Tim Sackton: began to look old.
Tim Sackton: Many began to pass on for their time.
Tim Sackton: I refused.
Tim Sackton: I learned what that potion was that Apollion had drunk
Tim Sackton: potion of wild darkness burns away the soul, leaving behind
Tim Sackton: I learned what Shamat had done.
Tim Sackton: Polyon had made himself forever Shamut's enemy. At that moment he declared himself a god. Think it went
before that, even
Tim Sackton: for some mud
Tim Sackton: and help the Orcs find the cloak. In the first place. Shamat took it from them.
Tim Sackton: binding them again to their gods. evil ministrations.
Tim Sackton: But it was really in that moment
Tim Sackton: that Shamat turned on him.
Tim Sackton: I know that
Tim Sackton: even as Shamat's evil became apparent as his desire to
Tim Sackton: need pathological insistence on continuing Shamut's genocide of our people.
Tim Sackton: destroying
Tim Sackton: Al-dinar and America, and with them
Tim Sackton: our entire species inevitably and forever.
Tim Sackton: I knew still that Shimmutt's bindings
Tim Sackton: that have been placed on the Polyon
Tim Sackton: must hold.
Tim Sackton: I gave information to called there in Telesian
Tim Sackton: whispered secrets to Rye.
Tim Sackton: and know that after shuts Shimon's demean defeat.
Tim Sackton: the traveller warned Rye of Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: know that Rye was among the last live of Imr Dell's line. Imradel, the last parent or Emperor of Frank, or
Tim Sackton: I think he took his responsibility to protect the world from
Tim Sackton: Polyon seriously.
Tim Sackton: But as this Laya began. Something changed.
Tim Sackton: The bindings broke
Tim Sackton: somehow.
Tim Sackton: and I think I can survive another car.
Tim Sackton: But I hope that Apollyon will be dead before I must depart.
Tim Sackton: No, that is not simple. To kill him because destroying his body will not crush his soul.
Tim Sackton: Kill him! Was, one must find
factory where he keeps his soul.
Tim Sackton: Destroy that
Tim Sackton: there's little that can
Tim Sackton: destroya, which is phyllactory.
Tim Sackton: but if there's anything I can do. it will do it
Tim Sackton: long as it can be done.
Tim Sackton: Not leaving this forest, for though you have given me strength to walk and set.
Tim Sackton: not think I have the strength to fight, nor the skill anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where can we find you? Oh.
Tim Sackton: please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where can we find this? What was the term? She said. Where the where the souls get?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it? File actory. file actory. I don't know what that word is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where can we find this?
Tim Sackton: I am sure it is in his palace, and drink or
Tim Sackton: policy constructed to showcase his divinity.
Mike Sackton: I actually wanna like.
Mike Sackton: take several hours and tell her literally every single piece of. And we've learned over the last. II wanted to be like that was gonna be like, all right. That's your story, all right. Here's like every scrap of every fact that we possibly have put together, Joe, or like the binding stones. And on this per books. And like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's like my like stories, hall of stories. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Goblin in the mirror, like every
Mike Sackton: plan like, let's take a couple days and talk to her, and like I don't.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't not say we play it out, but like she's clearly like we need to take some time and be like alright, super, powerful pilot, and you can't leave your home. What would you do if you were like? Had all these bits. But but more than that, just like an actual, like detailed planning session with her about like.
Mike Sackton: yeah, okay, we want to destroy a polynomial like. Clearly, he's a bad guy. We get it like, we're so mad like we're taking on the quest. Yes, I will accept your duty right like
Mike Sackton: But like, okay, now, what what are we? How do we do it like, what's the exact plan here? II mean, she won't know. And again, like the point isn't to like, be like.
Mike Sackton: do it all in person right now, or something, but like the point is
Mike Sackton: to actually spend some time like going through like I feel like I feel like the subtext there. Wh, which is sometimes true and sometimes not. It's like we don't know what we're doing, and at no point along the journey. Have we ever known what we're doing?
Tim Sackton: So okay, you spend a good part of the day. You're chatting.
Tim Sackton: The gardener Yahweh goes and brings lunch and comes back.
Tim Sackton: Here's what I propose as the Meta game mechanic. I don't know. 3. You get like 3 or 5 like.
Tim Sackton: What did Rsa. Tell us to do in this moment?
Mike Sackton: That's what you can just use when you're like. What should we do? Oh, arrest! They must have told us to do something here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, that's useful. Yeah, useful. But but I think I think in the short term, like, I just like shit like dude what the like. What these pieces of rye like? Should we keep collecting them? Are they gonna be useful for us to like trap it? You know, it's like.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I think that's a cool Meta game. But there's all also specific questions that have answers to right like, Hey, what are these books of the Omnis per. Can she help us untangle them? Oh, yeah, does she know anything about the call to Ludum
Tim Sackton: that she does not actually know much about? They were the Cola ludum were sort of a sideshow, as far as she was concerned, they were. They were like the they never supported on this pure. They just got increasingly more
Tim Sackton: isolated in their ivory towers, just like messing around with magic and trying to get away from politics.
Mike Sackton: You don't miss, is part of a call to Ludo, then the other thing would be. does she know anything about the binding stones?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it crazy to consider that maybe the bindings to be a solution to a polyon, or is the only sensible approach to May. Maybe one thing to do in character, I think actually, it'd be cool to like talk about the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. The Rai Rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so so, Kenzo, you know again, after is just sitting there, you know, kind of entranced, listening to the story, and then he he leans over and and takes, you know, his staff, and and which now what's her name? Again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Arrest day, arrest day just through the act of what has unfolded. I think she's now developed like she has now like a connection to this this. whatever the hell this piece of wit is. It's not a stap even. It's like a weird carrier kinds of all kinds of weird energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, Penzel takes the takes the 2 shards of rye which are kind of embedded in the top of this staff and and and asks her, you know I was born
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with one of these pieces given to me by my parents. Another one we found in our journeys and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the forests to the south. We know that there are other pieces of rise hand that are missing. You know what Rye was doing, like what he was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how he was trying to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: main. Keep keep Poly on captive. And how did it fail? We believe that we may need more of these shards to complete the hand, but we don't know what they're for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Might you be able to help us understand this? This? This mystery pauses for a moment, and she says.
Tim Sackton: no
Tim Sackton: shamat binding had to do with Apollon phylactory, for souls are not fed into it. He gets weaker and weaker.
Tim Sackton: cannot believe. Rai, in those moments after Shamut's death.
Tim Sackton: as a Polyon was finding himself
Tim Sackton: free now, and perhaps plotting an escape. have any
Tim Sackton: clear, long term plan
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: to grasp it's phylacteri.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what the bilactory is like what kind of artifact it is.
Tim Sackton: I do not.
Tim Sackton: But you have told me that you carry a mirror that shows you the history of things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we do.
Tim Sackton: and I believe if you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): assemble the hand assemble, rise, head.
Tim Sackton: it would show you an image of Apollon's phylacomy.
Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Now we know what the things not to do in the next period of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  amazing.
Tim Sackton: maybe other ways to learn this information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, just because this was something that happened in the dream world. Rye had a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a companion, a small winged dragon. I've seen visions of him. Do you know, do you know the fate of this dragon where he is.
Tim Sackton: do not know his fate.
Tim Sackton: but I am sure he also saw the phylacteri. If Rye was indeed holding it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a strange intuition that he's still alive, this this creature as well.
You're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even Eddie Ware.
Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not feel close! Who would know how to find him?
Tim Sackton: He was not a creature. I had seen much in this part of the world.
Tim Sackton: not know where exactly he was from.
Tim Sackton: There must be
Tim Sackton: one of your people, Welby, who has traveled widely and seen many strange beasts
Tim Sackton: might point you towards Dematar's homeland
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: homeland.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a great side quest made quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, we've seen visions of this perfectly circular island?
Tim Sackton: No, of the place, but not what Apollon kept there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You believe that the what's the name of the thing again? But where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that. We've seen visions of a tower on a circular island.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems also to be a center of power for a poly out. But do you believe that the
Tim Sackton: you know that long predates upon
Tim Sackton: Bry had dreams of the same place?
Tim Sackton: It was
Tim Sackton: relic of
Tim Sackton: car, somehow. Perhaps
Tim Sackton: Nell Polyon used it as a laboratory for magic. for the construction of artifacts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but I am sure
Tim Sackton: Apion would never trust anything. He did not construct himself.
Mike Sackton: Wow! The cloak of rainbows! No, as a
Tim Sackton: as a factory or his phylacteri, he would not. he would not trust anywhere. He did not.
Tim Sackton: he did not, would not trust anything. He did not construct himself as a safe place to store his twilight.
Mike Sackton: Does she know anything about the ring of undying?
Tim Sackton: No, that was never like her the way she tells it. He had the cloak, scepter, and crown like that. Seems like it's maybe not connected to like the artifacts and polyons power
Mike Sackton: right now has the crown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr. Kandu.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It makes the cleanse it it like turn it turns people into zombies.
Mike Sackton: We should maybe we should go get the crowd
you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. Now, it kind of feels like you know what we gotta do? Right? It's like, we gotta get the pieces. See the vision vision
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and go to the go to the the Tranquorian palace, for, like the the last Megabosses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then we go destroy the horror crux, and then, you know there's peace in the land.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe there's an argument, though, that we don't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): destroy the crown. A. It would destroy the flex-free instead.
Mike Sackton: cause somebody's running through the land. They're so good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's almost like, what would he expect us to do next? And then how do we subvert that expectation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if that's compelling, though I'm stop. I'm talking pure with main quest right now, like pure main quest that feels like well, II think. Rise, hand is neck and rise hand. Then
Mike Sackton: we could go after Faust. I mean, we gotta take out Fasto at some point, of course. Well, Fausto is probably, I mean he's he's searching for us, too, so it's like at some point. Maybe he'll he'll catch up with us a little bit, and if we take out Fausto, we may as well take the crown and spray it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But maybe we go to a Polyon before we take it. Maybe we we could figure that out once we get rice hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. yeah.
Mike Sackton: how many other pieces are there again? And we still have to go back and investigate that strange use from
Mike Sackton: you can do all sorts. There's 3 pieces of rise, hand, left, right.
Mike Sackton: one in Ersk, one in the Mermaid garden. the Murf, the Murfoke garden
Mike Sackton: out, or the place where the sorry. We don't know this Murphok. There we just assume it's the place where the J.
Tim Sackton: Ersk the fifth, the last one. You don't know exactly where it is supposedly
Tim Sackton: jungle.
Mike Sackton: but we have to. That's harder that we got. I don't know how we're gonna find that, actually. how do we find out it was in a jungle?
Tim Sackton: You you gave 2 valuable spell books to the philosopher's scale right? Specifically to ask that question.
Mike Sackton: Just travel
Mike Sackton: in this conversation, and I'm sure he was debating whether the recon traveler out or in. I know you mentioned the traveler. But
Mike Sackton: there's a whole debate about what part of the high school game is canonical versus what we're re ret. Cutting out right clearly, right? But it's totally the philosophers guilt
Mike Sackton: the travelers totally the the head of the philosophers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alternately. We could go after Dimitar instead of the hand.
Mike Sackton: Oh, cause! Dimitri probably saw that black tree as well. Yeah. I like that, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 1 one thing to find, instead of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a bunch of things to find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim? When? When I had when penzel had that vision of Dimitar like he was, we were in like a tower, right? Because, like Kenzo, was like having a dream from the perspective of rye. Right? That was that
Tim Sackton: vision was pre.
Mike Sackton: okay. Pre-awaken soul disaster, pre-write
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rise hand shattering. Oh, okay, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. But we actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Dimitar was old, and what there was like a bunch of figures in the room, and he was like kind of pacing
Mike Sackton: 200 years ago. Of course, Dimitriza old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm saying this vision was from a time period that was like recent.
Tim Sackton: that was likes. That was like that was when the awakened sold bunks, went to drink or and found.
Mike Sackton: which was like 50 years ago, 40 years ago. Yeah, it was like 50 years ago, something like that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. So is rye alive.
Tim Sackton: He was a statue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I know he's just that, but like is he? Is he? But where the fuck is, where's like the main statue? Right?
Mike Sackton: Well, that's a mystery in drink, or probably yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's another thing you could do is just go straight to Drinkor and talk to Rye. Forget about any of this questing business.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just would really like to go to an undersea, Jake Garden, and of course
Mike Sackton: I mean you're not wrong. That dog after divotire might be a better choice, but then we wouldn't be going to the under C jade garden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But don't, don't, don't lie like today.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can always just go to the under Cj garden right? There's nothing stopping you from doing that. Poly ons, Dad. No, II think that I think that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we have such solid clues for 2 of them. It's a worthy. It's a worthy set, but so wait. But just like, so we. What we just learned was that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the the Shamut Apollon, like civil war?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Shamut started the plague to prevent Apollyon from becoming a god.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but right about to like become like like a human god, and then he comes in, unleashes the plague, wipes out Drankhor, and then he imprisons Apollyon, and then, when we in the last campaign kill the Polyga, killed Shimud. That actually started the process through which Apollion could then escape exactly
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): suggesting that feeling a in this campaign is Gonna trigger some unforeseen disaster resolution in another 20 years.
Tim Sackton: No, the next campaign is, gonna be a slice of life campaign. no big quests, only side quests.
Tim Sackton: Or maybe I'll maybe it'll be a big quest for one that's really not very important. So you never feel like you have to do it, but it's always there so that you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can pick up side quests along the way. Well, then, you need the main quest only only as a reference point for side quests. Yeah, yeah, there needs to be a main quest from us from which we can direct, differentiate and know what we should. Side quest, main quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck. wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck, man, so Shamon and and it so it's like this whole, this whole like, since we were in high school. This whole thing's been about like a fucking dragon. It's like a like a dragon. Human supremacist like proxy battle that we have been like, you know, unwitting Ponzo this whole time.
Mike Sackton: Well, Shabbat was also trying to kill all the elv, all the
Mike Sackton: non-human gods.
Mike Sackton: Well, he was trying to liberate all of the different species. Exactly. Yeah. But did you pick? I mean the elves would all die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm always trying to kill all the elves.
Mike Sackton: Well, now, if the if the if the Alvin.
Mike Sackton: the elves can only have kids when Alvin are creates the Ca, right conditions. So if she might kill Theldinar there'd be no more elf babies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: So they were particularly unhappy with his plan to kill all the firstborn, because they would also like the halflings, wouldn't be too too happy to have their
Mike Sackton: racial memory g10, no, it'd be terrible all around the Orcs. It would be good for the Orcs.
Mike Sackton: Why? Because they'd all be free of their God like the like.
Mike Sackton: Why did Shamut not? Why did Shamat help? Why did he steal the why didn't he? Was he trying to kill the Orkish?
Mike Sackton: She might gave Shamat helped them get the cloak. A Polyon stole the cloak. That was the first moment that a Polyn turned again, or Shamat turned against the Poly. That's what you saw in the mirror when the red eyed, Guy came in and said, I will not forgive this betrayal.
Mike Sackton: So Shamut was originally pro org
Mike Sackton: he wanted to be. He's actually, I mean, I'm making this up. I didn't.
doesn't quite fit, but he's basically the good guy org. He wants to free the Orcs from
Mike Sackton: from the evil influence of their God.
Mike Sackton: and if it means all the other races suffer, too bad
Mike Sackton: it would have been good for the Orcs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait is that his motivation? Or is that just sort of a side? That's just a side effect I'm just joking around.
Mike Sackton: We should we wrap up speaking of since. It's before you spend
Tim Sackton: several days in careful planning. As dinner time comes, get a message from Rizwin.
Tim Sackton: A massive siege engine, 400 feet tall
Tim Sackton: is nearly complete.
Mike Sackton: not survive for long. Once it is finished.
Mike Sackton: please come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we explain to her about the Mpc. Gardener? I can just do that. We'll be there as soon as we can fly, and then you know how we have that cool little garden in like the middle of the ship, and how often do you find a gardener? You know what I mean? We can take up the gardener on our way back
Mike Sackton: through here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: after we defeat Christ. II don't know if we can, though I don't know. I feel there's a lot of risk involved if you leave now without the gardener. No, no, no, the gardener specifically said they weren't going to be ready to leave for another like several weeks. Right? So we have to wait here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 400 foot siege engine that's pretty cool. That is, actually the. It's only a tiny bit larger than the largest trebochet ever constructed in the real world that's astounding.
Tim Sackton: During the battle of during the siege of Stirling Castle. In in the English Scottish war there was a Trevor Shea constructed that was like something like 3 or 400, like 3 ish 100 feet tall. I think it was called the the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the Warwolf, the Warwolf, and the Scots were all like we surrender, and the King of England was like, no, you don't. I want to see what this thing does.
Tim Sackton: But basically it can. You know, I can throw 300 pound boulders at 100 miles an hour. So
Mike Sackton: not good. That's not gonna be great for a flying castle
Tim Sackton: or for an orchest city.
Tim Sackton: Good thing you have an ice wall. So you can say, just gonna say, who hits
Mike Sackton: with the sleep? It can't even make it quite difficult, actually.
Mike Sackton: Well, and also, can't we just like Fly, really, really high. And just like, Yeah, honestly, if you're up, a fair distance is really difficult to fight gravity mainly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's true. If you're direct. If you're very high, it makes it much easier. Yeah, we can just circle around and come from the back.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, conceivably depending on the design. Now, we should have gotten a fire cannon so we could just burn it to the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's okay. You're the cloud stealth thing. We could have snuck up on it undetected.
Mike Sackton: or we can just use the Rainbow bridge we can be like on the horizon, and then bridge over to the thing, and that teleported us to. We could Rainbow Bridge literally to the exact spot of the trebuchet right, and then knock out one of the sides or destroy it with, like any one of our numerous spells.
Mike Sackton: of which
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dell has none that would be helpful to throw a trio like literally 0. But I'm sure secret has something. I could shoot it with an arrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could punch it.
Tim Sackton: You can punch pretty hard. This is next session. I will give you a little bit of planning time on your before on the, you know, beginning of next session, because obviously you're flying for like 3 days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How how long has it been since we left Brisbane. Do you have that handy?
Tim Sackton: I do. I have my II do
Tim Sackton: let me pull it up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What what I'm really curious about is, how much longer has it been since we said we'd be back. So you left on December tenth?
Tim Sackton: It's currently
Tim Sackton: like january sixteenth.
Tim Sackton: You said you back in 3 to 4 weeks. So
Tim Sackton: you're like 2 weeks late, ish? Not even 2 weeks late.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It'll take you like 3 and a half days to get there. So you'll arrive
Tim Sackton: assuming you leave like first thing in the more like assuming you leave like this evening, like you don't like dawdle for a while and be like, Yeah, you can deal with it rismin.
Tim Sackton: or in footsie dungeon, whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Tim Sackton: on the twentieth, so that would be.
Tim Sackton: it's only like 2 weeks after later than you said you'd be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And look at the friends we made along the way.
Tim Sackton: So a few a few mechanical things. As you leave the oven forest and train and start to plan and psych yourself up for the fight against gosh, you all level up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: setting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, wow!
Tim Sackton:  This is. Gonna be your last chit like this week, like or sorry. The next 2 weeks before next session, which is just confirming  Tuesday of Thanksgiving week, Tuesday of Thanksgiving week, the 20 first, like, I don't want us. That's gonna be a long enough session with
Tim Sackton: planning and fighting. Gosh, so if you guys wanna have bastion benefits for the battle with garage. You've gotta do it before this. You've gotta like.
Tim Sackton: you know. Take the 20 min to figure it out before the session actually starts
Tim Sackton:  And I'm like, like I said, I'm happy to like
Tim Sackton: make it work legit like in-game, like I can tweak things to make them
Tim Sackton:  fit with the the vibe of the ship. But II don't have. I. You guys have gotta like, pick out what you want and figure it out, or just forget about it doesn't matter. But
Tim Sackton: I don't wanna take session time on next session. Do that and then yeah, and make sure you like level up before next session, too, and like, take a long rest and like, remind me yourself of your battle abilities and everything. The basic scenario is gonna be cities under siege. There's a giant siege engine that's gonna be trying to destroy the city. And somewhere there's
Tim Sackton: and so you'll have to figure out how to both keep the siege engine from destroying the city and kill garage without getting destroyed by the swarm of Undead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you also have Rizman and the orchestra army in the city to help
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huge difference to havers when, like like somebody that's actually strong and can fight and can heal people. It's like
Tim Sackton: and level level 13 Seventh Level spouse
Tim Sackton: teleport is on the Bard spell list. So unless Eric has some other like thing, he really wants to take in mind that going forward you will be able to just randomly teleport around the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. Do we have a session? For after the next one planned.
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty sure we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: December seventh. Okay, great, nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excellent.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: my, my hope is that next sessions gosh! Planning and fighting. Gosh.
Tim Sackton: the session. After that I'll probably be the aftermath of that, and catching up with rizwin and stuff. But then at that point you're gonna have to decide what you
Tim Sackton: want to do next, because I'll have to. You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right the adventure. I assume you're gonna take the sky. You're gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fly north and pick up the Elf in the forest, and then, yes, yes, dock the ship in toland so it can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get all of its fancy stuff, and then tolling can be your base, and you can teleport around wherever you want to teleport from there. Yes, yes, that's all accurate. But then we stay in toll in, and then we unravel the mystery of the Philosopher's guild for the next, instead of doing any of the things that you just promise, wounded, super powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that you would do. No, no, no, it's been there for like a millennia. What what difference a few weeks can make? Well, we're gonna do it. We didn't say when true promises on deadlines, and also honestly like what does apply into like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everything's relatively fine in the world. Right? It's like, Wow, whatever's going on with the Civil War. What's applying got to do with that? Yeah, there's some Orcs, but they're all the way south. It's like, you know, Easter, whatever you know if Chartin goes to pieces. Is that? Is that that bad? Well, has Charton been that? Nothing but like an Imperial? You know, colonial force that you know souls I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, you can make it. You can do whatever you want to do. That's totally fine. I just need to know about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Alright. Good night. Guys. Thanks. Tim.